[Intro] 
 "Look, I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings." 
 "But I'm only going to get this one chance." 
 "Something's wrong, I can feel it." 
 Six minutes. Six minutes. Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on! 
 "Just a feeling I've got. Like something's about to happen, but I don't know what. If that means what I think it means, we're in trouble, big trouble; and if he is as bananas as you say, I'm not taking any chances." 
 "You are just what the doc ordered." 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'm beginnin' to feel like a Rap God, Rap God 
 All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod 
 Now, who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box? 
 They said I rap like a robot, so call me Rap-bot 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 But for me to rap like a computer it must be in my genes 
 I got a laptop in my back pocket 
 My pen'll go off when I half-cock it 
 Got a fat knot from that rap profit 
 Made a livin' and a killin' off it 
 Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office 
 With Monica Lewinsky feelin' on his nutsack 
 I'm an MC still as honest 
 But as rude and as indecent as all hell 
 Syllables, skill-a-holic (Kill 'em all with) 
 This flippity dippity-hippity hip-hop 
 You don't really wanna get into a pissin' match 
 With this rappity brat, packin' a MAC in the back of the Ac' 
 Backpack rap crap, yap-yap, yackety-yack 
 And at the exact same time, I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicin' that 
 I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table 
 Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half 
 Only realized it was ironic, I was signed to Aftermath after the fact 
 How could I not blow? All I do is drop F-bombs 
 Feel my wrath of attack 
 Rappers are havin' a rough time period, here's a maxi pad 
 It's actually disastrously bad for the wack 
 While I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece as 
  
 [Chorus] 
 'Cause I'm beginnin' to feel like a Rap God, Rap God 
 All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod 
 Now, who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box? 
 Let me show you maintainin' this shit ain't that hard, that hard 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Everybody wants the key and the secret to rap immortality like Ι have got. Well, to be truthful the blueprint's 
 Simply rage and youthful exuberance 
 Everybody loves to root for a nuisance 
 Hit the Earth like an asteroid 
 Did nothing but shoot for the Moon since (Pew!) 
 MCs get taken to school with this music 
 'Cause I use it as a vehicle to "bus the rhyme" 
 Now I lead a new school full of students 
 Me? I'm a product of Rakim 
 Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac, N.W.A, Cube, hey Doc, Ren 
 Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim 
 Inspired enough to one day grow up, blow up and be in a position 
 To meet Run–D.M.C., induct them 
 Into the motherfuckin' Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 
 Even though I'll walk in the church and burst in a ball of flames 
 Only Hall of Fame I'll be inducted in is the alcohol of fame 
 On the wall of shame 
 You fags think it's all a game, 'til I walk a flock of flames 
 Off a plank and, tell me what in the fuck are you thinkin'? 
 Little gay-lookin' boy 
 So gay I can barely say it with a straight face, lookin' boy 
 You're witnessin' a massacre 
 Like you're watching a church gathering take place, lookin' boy 
 "Oy vey, that boy's gay!"—that's all they say, lookin' boy 
 You get a thumbs up, pat on the back 
 And a "way to go" from your label every day, lookin' boy 
 Hey, lookin' boy! What you say, lookin' boy? 
 I get a "hell yeah" from Dre, lookin' boy 
 I'ma work for everything I have, never ask nobody for shit 
 Get outta my face, lookin' boy! 
 Basically, boy, you're never gonna be capable 
 Of keepin' up with the same pace, lookin' boy, 'cause— 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'm beginnin' to feel like a Rap God, Rap God 
 All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod 
 The way I'm racin' around the track, call me NASCAR, NASCAR 
 Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God 
 Kneel before General Zod 
 This planet's Krypton—no, Asgard, Asgard 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 So you'll be Thor and I'll be Odin 
 You rodent, I'm omnipotent 
 Let off, then I'm reloadin' 
 Immediately with these bombs, I'm totin' 
 And I should not be woken 
 I'm the walkin' dead, but I'm just a talkin' head, a zombie floatin' 
 But I got your mom deep-throatin' 
 I'm out my Ramen Noodle 
 We have nothin' in common, poodle 
 I'm a Doberman, pinch yourself in the arm and pay homage, pupil 
 It's me, my honesty's brutal 
 But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize what I do though 
 For good at least once in a while 
 So I wanna make sure somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle enough rhymes 
 To maybe try to help get some people through tough times 
 But I gotta keep a few punchlines 
 Just in case, 'cause even you unsigned 
 Rappers are hungry lookin' at me like it's lunchtime 
 I know there was a time where once I 
 Was king of the underground 
 But I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind 
 So I crunch rhymes, but sometimes when you combine 
 Appeal with the skin color of mine 
 You get too big and here they come tryin' 
 To censor you like that one line 
 I said on "I'm Back" from The Mathers LP 1 when I 
 Tried to say I'll take seven kids from Columbine 
 Put 'em all in a line, add an AK-47, a revolver and a 9 
 See if I get away with it now that I ain't as big as I was, but I'm 
 Morphin' into an immortal, comin' through the portal 
 You're stuck in a time warp from 2004 though 
 And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for 
 You're pointless as Rapunzel with fuckin' cornrows 
 You write normal? Fuck being normal! 
 And I just bought a new raygun from the future 
 Just to come and shoot ya, like when Fabolous made Ray J mad 
 'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag at Mayweather's pad 
 Singin' to a man while he played piano 
 Man, oh man, that was a 24/7 special on the cable channel 
 So Ray J went straight to the radio station 
 The very next day, "Hey Fab, I'ma kill you!" 
 Lyrics comin' at you at supersonic speed (J.J. Fad) 
 Uh, summa-lumma, dooma-lumma, you assumin' I'm a human 
 What I gotta do to get it through to you I'm superhuman? 
 Innovative and I'm made of rubber so that anything you say is ricochetin' off of me and it'll glue to you and 
 I'm devastating, more than ever demonstrating 
 How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating 
 Never fading, and I know the haters are forever waiting 
 For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating 
 'Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated 
 I make elevating music, you make elevator music 
 "Oh, he's too mainstream." 
 Well, that's what they do when they get jealous, they confuse it 
 "It's not hip-hop, it's pop,"—'cause I found a hella way to fuse it 
 With rock, shock rap with Doc 
 Throw on "Lose Yourself" and make 'em lose it 
 "I don't know how to make songs like that 
 I don't know what words to use." 
 Let me know when it occurs to you 
 While I'm rippin' any one of these verses that versus you 
 It's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' you 
 How many verses I gotta murder to 
 Prove that if you were half as nice 
 Your songs you could sacrifice virgins too? 
 Ugh, school flunky, pill junkie 
 But look at the accolades these skills brung me 
 Full of myself, but still hungry 
 I bully myself 'cause I make me do what I put my mind to 
 And I'm a million leagues above you 
 Ill when I speak in tongues, but it's still tongue-in-cheek, fuck you! 
 I'm drunk, so, Satan, take the fucking wheel 
 I'ma sleep in the front seat 
 Bumpin' Heavy D and the Boyz, still "Chunky but Funky" 
 But in my head there's something I can feel tugging and struggling 
 Angels fight with devils, and here's what they want from me 
 They're askin' me to eliminate some of the women hate 
 But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred 
 I have, then you may be a little patient 
 And more sympathetic to the situation 
 And understand the discrimination 
 But fuck it, life's handin' you lemons? Make lemonade then! 
 But if I can't batter the women 
 How the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then? 
 Don't mistake him for Satan; it's a fatal mistake 
 If you think I need to be overseas and take a vacation 
 To trip a broad, and make her fall on her face and 
 Don't be a retard! Be a king? Think not 
 Why be a king when you can be a God?[Intro] 
 You sound like a bitch, bitch 
 Shut the fuck up 
 When your fans become your haters 
 You done? 
 Fuckin' beard's weird 
 Alright 
 You yellin' at the mic, fuckin' weird beard (You want smoke) 
 We doin' this once 
 You yellin' at the mic, your beard's weird 
 Why you yell at the mic? (Illa) 
  
 [Verse] 
 Rihanna just hit me on a text 
 Last night I left hickeys on her neck 
 Wait, you just dissed me? I'm perplexed 
 Insult me in a line, compliment me on the next 
 Damn, I'm really sorry you want me to have a heart attack 
 Was watchin' 8 Mile on my NordicTrack 
 Realized I forgot to call you back 
 Here's that autograph for your daughter, I wrote it on a Starter cap 
 Stan, Stan, son 
 Listen, man, Dad isn't mad 
 But how you gonna name yourself after a damn gun 
 And have a man-bun? 
 The giant's woke, eyes open, undeniable 
 Supplyin' smoke, got the fire stoked 
 Say you got me in a scope, but you grazed me 
 I say one call to Interscope and you're Swayze 
 Your reply got the crowd yelling, "Woo!" 
 So before you die let's see who can out-petty who 
 With your corny lines ("Slim, you're old")—ow, Kelly, ooh 
 But I'm 45 and I'm still outselling you 
 By 29, I had three albums that had blew 
 Now let's talk about somethin' I don't really do 
 Go in someone's daughter's mouth stealin' food 
 But you're a fuckin' mole hill 
 Now I'ma make a mountain out of you, woo! 
 Ho, chill, actin' like you put the chrome barrel to my bone marrow 
 Gunner? Bitch, you ain't a bow and arrow 
 Say you'll run up on me like a phone bill, sprayin' lead (Brrt) 
 Playin' dead, that's the only time you hold still (Hold up) 
 Are you eating cereal or oatmeal? 
 What the fuck's in the bowl, milk? Wheaties or Cheerios? 
 'Cause I'm takin' a shit in 'em, Kelly, I need reading material 
 …Dictionary… 
 "Yo, Slim, your last four albums sucked 
 Go back to Recovery," oh shoot, that was three albums ago 
 What do you know? Oops 
 Know your facts before you come at me, lil' goof 
 Luxury, oh, you broke, bitch? Yeah, I had enough money in '02 
 To burn it in front of you, ho 
 Younger me? No, you the wack me, it's funny but so true 
 I'd rather be 80-year-old me than 20-year-old you 
 'Til I'm hitting old age 
 Still can fill a whole page with a 10-year-old's rage 
 Got more fans than you in your own city, lil' kiddy, go play 
 Feel like I'm babysitting Lil Tay 
 Got the Diddy okay so you spent your whole day 
 Shootin' a video just to fuckin' dig your own grave 
 Got you at your own wake, I'm the billy goat 
 You ain't never made a list next to no Biggie, no Jay 
 Next to Taylor Swift and that Iggy ho, you about to really blow 
 Kelly, they'll be putting your name 
 Next to Ja, next to Benzino—die, motherfucker! 
 Like the last motherfucker sayin' Hailie in vain 
 Alien brain, you Satanist (Yeah) 
 My biggest flops are your greatest hits 
 The game's mine again and ain't nothin' changed but the locks 
 So before I slay this bitch I, mwah, give Jade a kiss 
 Gotta wake up Labor Day to this (The fuck?) 
 Bein' rich-shamed by some prick usin' my name for clickbait 
 In a state of bliss 'cause I said his goddamn name 
 Now I gotta cock back, aim 
 Yeah, bitch, pop Champagne to this! (Pop) 
 It's your moment 
 This is it, as big as you're gonna get, so enjoy it 
 Had to give you a career to destroy it 
 Lethal injection 
 Go to sleep six feet deep, I'll give you a B for the effort 
 But if I was three-foot-eleven 
 You'd look up to me, and for the record 
 You would suck a dick to fuckin' be me for a second 
 Lick a ballsack to get on my channel 
 Give your life to be as solidified 
 This mothafuckin' shit is like Rambo when he's out of bullets 
 So what good is a fuckin' machine gun when it's outta ammo? 
 Had enough of this tatted-up mumble rapper 
 How the fuck can him and I battle? 
 He'll have to fuck Kim in my flannel 
 I'll give him my sandals 
 'Cause he knows, long as I'm Shady he's gon' have to live in my shadow 
 Exhausting, letting off on my offspring 
 Lick a gun barrel, bitch, get off me! 
 You dance around it like a sombrero, we can all see 
 You're fuckin' salty 
 'Cause Young Gerald's balls-deep inside of Halsey 
 Your red sweater, your black leather 
 You dress better, I rap better 
 That a death threat or a love letter? 
 Little white toothpick 
 Thinks it's over a pic, I just don't like you, prick 
 Thanks for dissing me 
 Now I had an excuse on the mic to write "Not Alike" 
 But really I don't care who's in the right 
 But you're losin' the fight you picked 
 Who else want it? Kells—attempt fails! Budden—L's! 
 Fuckin' nails in these coffins as soft as Cottonelle 
 Killshot, I will not fail, I'm with the Doc still 
 But this idiot's boss pops pills and tells him he's got skills 
 But, Kells, the day you put out a hit's the day Diddy admits 
 That he put the hit out that got Pac killed, ah! 
 I'm sick of you bein' wack 
 And still usin' that mothafuckin' Auto-Tune 
 So let's talk about it (Let's talk about it) 
 I'm sick of your mumble rap mouth 
 Need to get the cock up out it 
 Before we can even talk about it (Talk about it) 
 I'm sick of your blonde hair and earrings 
 Just 'cause you look in the mirror and think 
 That you're Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers) 
 Don't mean you are, and you're not about it 
 So just leave my dick in your mouth and keep my daughter out it 
  
 [Outro] 
 You fuckin'—oh 
 And I'm just playin', Diddy 
 You know I love you[Intro: Rihanna] 
 I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed 
 Get along with the voices inside of my head 
 You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath 
 And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I wanted the fame but not the cover of Newsweek 
 Oh well, guess beggars can't be choosey 
 Wanted to receive attention for my music 
 Wanted to be left alone in public, excuse me 
 For wantin' my cake, and eat it too, and wantin' it both ways 
 Fame made me a balloon ‘cause my ego inflated 
 When I blew, see, but it was confusing 
 ‘Cause all I wanted to do's be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf 
 Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam 
 Whoo! Hit the lottery, ooh-wee 
 But with what I gave up to get it was bittersweet 
 It was like winnin' a used mink 
 Ironic ‘cause I think I'm gettin' so huge I need a shrink 
 I'm beginnin' to lose sleep: one sheep, two sheep 
 Goin' coo-coo and kooky as Kool Keith 
 But I'm actually weirder than you think, ‘cause I'm— 
  
 [Chorus: Rihanna (Bebe Rexha)] 
 I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed 
 Get along with the voices inside of my head 
 You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath 
 And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy 
 Well, that's nothin' (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh) 
 (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh) 
 Well, that's nothin' (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh) 
 (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh) 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Now, I ain't much of a poet 
 But I know somebody once told me to seize the moment 
 And don't squander it ‘cause you never know when it all 
 Could be over tomorrow, so I keep conjurin' 
 Sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from 
 Yeah, ponderin'll do you wonders 
 No wonder you're losin' your mind, the way it wanders 
 Yodel-odel-ay-hee-hoo! I think it went wanderin' off down yonder 
 And stumbled onto Jeff VanVonderen 
 ‘Cause I need an interventionist 
 To intervene between me and this monster 
 And save me from myself and all this conflict 
 ‘Cause the very thing that I love's killin' me and I can't conquer it 
 My OCD's conkin' me in the head, keep knockin' 
 Nobody's home, I'm sleepwalkin' 
 I'm just relayin' what the voice in my head's sayin' 
 Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just friends with the— 
  
 [Chorus: Rihanna (Bebe Rexha)] 
 I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed 
 Get along with the voices inside of my head 
 You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath 
 And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy 
 Well, that's nothin' (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh) 
 (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh) 
 Well, that's nothin' (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh) 
 (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh) 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Call me crazy, but I have this vision, one day that 
 I'll walk amongst you a regular civilian 
 But until then, drums get killed and 
 I'm comin' straight at MC's, blood gets spilled and 
 I'll take you back to the days that I'd get on a Dre track 
 Give every kid who got played that pumped-up feelin' 
 And shit to say back to the kids who played him 
 I ain't here to save the fuckin' children 
 But if one kid out of a hundred million 
 Who are goin' through a struggle, feels it and relates, that's great! 
 It's payback, Russell Wilson fallin' way back 
 In the draft, turn nothin' into somethin', still can make that 
 Straw into gold, chump, I will spin—Rumpelstiltskin in a haystack 
 Maybe I need a straightjacket 
 Face facts: I am nuts for real, but I'm okay with that! 
 It's nothin', I'm still friends with the— 
  
 [Chorus: Rihanna] 
 I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed 
 Get along with the voices inside of my head 
 You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath 
 And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy 
  
 [Bridge: Rihanna (Eminem)] 
 I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed 
 (Get along with) Get along with the voices inside of my head 
 (You're tryin' to) You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath 
 (And you think) And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy 
 Well, that's nothin' 
  
 [Outro: Rihanna (Bebe Rexha)] 
 (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh) 
 (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh) 
 Well, that's nothin' (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh) 
 (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh)[Intro] 
 Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity 
 To seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment 
 Would you capture it, or just let it slip? 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Yo! His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy 
 There's vomit on his sweater already: Mom's spaghetti 
 He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready 
 To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting 
 What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud 
 He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out 
 He's choking, how? Everybody's joking now 
 The clock's run out, time's up, over—blaow! 
 Snap back to reality, ope there goes gravity, ope 
 There goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad but he won't 
 Give up that easy, no, he won't have it, he knows 
 His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter, he's dope 
 He knows that but he's broke, he's so stagnant, he knows 
 When he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's 
 Back to the lab again yo, this whole rhapsody 
 Better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him, and 
  
 [Chorus] 
 You better lose yourself in the music 
 The moment, you own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo 
 You better lose yourself in the music 
 The moment, you own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo 
 You better… 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 His soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping 
 This world is mine for the taking, make me king 
 As we move toward a New World Order 
 A normal life is boring; but superstardom's 
 Close to post-mortem, it only grows harder 
 Homie grows hotter, he blows, it's all over 
 These hoes is all on him, coast-to-coast shows 
 He's known as the Globetrotter, lonely roads 
 God only knows, he's grown farther from home, he's no father 
 He goes home and barely knows his own daughter 
 But hold your nose, 'cause here goes the cold water 
 These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product 
 They moved on to the next schmoe who flows 
 He nose-dove and sold nada, and so the soap opera 
 Is told, it unfolds, I suppose it's old, partner 
 But the beat goes on: da-da-dom, da-dom, dah-dah, dah-dah 
  
 [Chorus] 
 You better lose yourself in the music 
 The moment, you own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo 
 You better lose yourself in the music 
 The moment, you own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo 
 You better… 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 No more games, I'ma change what you call rage 
 Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged 
 I was playin' in the beginning, the mood all changed 
 I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage 
 But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cypher 
 Best believe somebody's payin' the Pied Piper 
 All the pain inside amplified by the 
 Fact that I can't get by with my nine-to- 
 Five and I can't provide the right type of life for my family 
 'Cause man, these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers 
 And there's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life 
 And these times are so hard, and it's gettin' even harder 
 Tryna feed and water my seed, plus teeter-totter 
 Caught up between bein' a father and a prima donna 
 Baby mama drama, screamin' on her, too much for me to wanna 
 Stay in one spot, another day of monotony's 
 Gotten me to the point I'm like a snail, I've got 
 To formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot 
 Success is my only motherfuckin' option—failure's not 
 Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got 
 To go; I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot 
 So here I go, it's my shot: feet, fail me not 
 This may be the only opportunity that I got 
  
 [Chorus] 
 You better lose yourself in the music 
 The moment, you own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo 
 You better lose yourself in the music 
 The moment, you own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo 
 You better… 
  
 [Outro] 
 You can do anything you set your mind to, man[Intro: Joyner Lucas] 
 Whoa, Joyner, Joyner, yeah, yeah, yeah 
  
 [Bridge: Joyner Lucas] 
 Yeah, I done did a lot of things in my day, I admit it 
 I don't take back what I say, if I said it then I meant it 
 All my life I want a Grammy, but I'll prolly never get it 
 I ain't never had no trophy or no motherfuckin' ribbon (Yah I said it) 
 Fuck the system, I'm that nigga, bend the law, cut the rules 
 I'm about to risk it all, I ain't got too much to lose 
 Y'all been eatin' long enough, it's my turn to cut the food 
 Pass the plate! Where my drink? This my day, lucky you 
 Fuck you too, woo! 
  
 [Chorus: Joyner Lucas] 
 Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move 
 Give me some room, give me some room, give me the juice 
 Hop out the coupe, hop out the coupe, hop out and shoot 
 Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, give me the juice 
  
 [Verse 1: Joyner Lucas] 
 Back on my bullshit, my back to the wall 
 Turn my back on you, all of you finished 
 Back to these bullets, it's back to the job 
 Pull my MAC out and all of you runnin' 
 Back on my hood shit, it's back to the pushin' 
 These packs and I'm actually pumpin' 
 Can't fuck with you rappers, you practically suckin' 
 You mighta went platinum but that don't mean nothin' 
 I'm actually buzzin' this time 
 Straight out the kitchen, I told 'em the oven is mine 
 I do not fuck with you guys 
 If I don't kill you, just know you gon' suffer this time 
 I ain't no gangster but I got some bangers 
 Some chains and some blades and a couple of nines 
 Choppers and jammies, a partridge, a pear tree 
 My 12 days of Christmas was nothin' but lies 
 I run at you hard like a sumo (Sumo) 
 They say I talk like a chulo (Chulo) 
 I live in Mars, I'm not Bruno (Woo) 
 Bitch I'm a dog, call me Cujo (Rah) 
 You play your cards, I reverse on you all 
 And I might just draw 4 like a Uno (Bup) 
 Cállate boca mejor, maricón, little puto, and all of you culo (Joyner) 
 They've invented a level up in the ghetto to get old 
 Lookin' for somethin' I prolly can never find now 
 Shit get relevant 'til 'nother beef die down 
 In truth, a nigga just really want me tied down 
 I've been alone and I never needed nobody 
 Just only me and my shotty, I'll tell these niggas to lie down 
 Keep all the money, I never wanted the lifestyle 
 I just pray to God that my son'll be alright now 
 I said ain't no love for the other side 
 Or anyone who ever want smoke (Joyner) 
 When I die I'm goin' out as the underdog who never lost hope (Yeah) 
 You in the wrong cab down the wrong path 
 Nigga, wrong way, wrong road (Woo, woo) 
 Snakes in the grass tryna slither fast 
 I just bought a fuckin' lawn mower (Vroom!) 
  
 [Bridge: Eminem] 
 I done said a lotta things in my day, I admit it 
 This is payback in a way, I regret it that I did it 
 I done won a couple Grammys, but I sold my soul to get 'em 
 Wasn't in it for the trophies, just the fuckin' recognition 
 Fuck's the difference? 
 I'm that cracker, bend the law, fuck the rules 
 Man I used to risk it all, now I got too much to lose 
 I've been eatin' long enough, man my stomach should be full 
 I just ate, licked the plate, my buffet, lucky me 
 Fuck you think? (Woo!) 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I got a couple of mansions 
 Still I don't have any manners 
 You got a couple of ghost writers 
 But to these kids it don't actually matter 
 They're askin' me, "What the fuck happened to hip-hop?" 
 I said, "I don't have any answers." 
 'Cause I took an L when I dropped my last album 
 It hurt me like hell but I'm back on these rappers 
 And actually comin' from humble beginnings 
 I'm somewhat uncomfortable winning 
 I wish I could say, "What a wonderful feeling!" 
 "We're on the upswing like we're punchin' the ceiling!" 
 But nothin' is feeling like anyone has any fuckin' ability 
 To even stick to a subject, it's killin' me 
 The inability to pen humility 
 Ha-ta-ta ba-ta-ta, why don't we make a bunch of 
 Fuckin' songs about nothin' and mumble 'em? 
 Fuck it, I'm goin' for the jugular 
 Shit is a circus, you clowns that are comin' up 
 Don't give an ounce of a motherfuck 
 About the ones that were here before you that made rap 
 Let's recap, way back, MC's that wreak havoc on tape decks 
 ADAT's, where the G Raps and Kanes at? 
 We need 3 Stacks ASAP and bring Masta Ace back 
 'Cause half of these rappers have brain damage 
 All the lean rappin', face tats, syruped out like tree sap 
 I don't hate trap, and I don't wanna seem mad 
 But in fact, where the old me at? The same cat 
 That would take that feedback and aim back, I need that 
 But I think it's inevitable 
 They know what button to press or what lever to pull 
 To get me to snap though (Lil' bitch) 
 And if I pay it attention I'm prob'ly makin' it bigger 
 But you've been takin' ya digs in the fuckin' back, ho (Get it?) 
 On the brink, any minute got me thinkin' of finishin' 
 Everything with acetaminophen and reapin' the benefits 
 I'm asleep at the wheel again 
 As I peak into thinkin' about an evil intent 
 Of another beat I'ma kill again 
 'Cause even if I gotta end up eatin' a pill again 
 Even ketamine or methamphetamine with the minithin 
 It better be at least 70 or 300 milligram 
 And I might as well 'cause I'ma end up bein' a villain again 
 Levels to this shit, I got an elevator 
 You could never say to me I'm not a fuckin' record breaker 
 I sound like a broken record every time I break a record 
 Nobody could ever take away the legacy I made, I never cater 
 Motherfucker, now I got a right to be this way 
 I got spite inside my DNA 
 But I wrote 'til the wheels fall off, I'm workin' tirelessly, ayy 
 It's the moment y'all been waitin' for 
 Like California wishin' rain to pour 
 In that drought, y'all been prayin' for 
 My downfall from the 8 Mile to the Southpaw 
 Still the same Marshall, that outlaw 
 That they say as a writer might've fell off 
 I'm back on that bull like the cowboy 
  
 [Chorus: Joyner Lucas & Eminem] 
 So y'all gotta move (Yeah), y'all gotta move (Yeah), y'all gotta move 
 Give me some room, give me some room, give me the juice 
 Hop out the coupe, hop out the coupe, hop out and shoot 
 Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, give me the juice[Intro] 
 *Plane crash* 
 Yeah (Illa) 
 Yo, I'm just gonna write down my first thoughts, and see where this takes me, ’cause I feel like I wanna punch the world in the fuckin' face right now 
 Yeah 
  
 [Verse] 
 Let me explain just how to make greatness 
 Straight out the gate, I'm ’bout to break it down 
 Ain't no mistakes allowed, but make no mistake, I'm 'bout 
 To rape the alphabet, I may raise some brows 
 If I press the issue just to get the anger out (Brrr!) 
 Full magazine could take Staples out 
 Savage but ain't thinkin' 'bout no bank account 
 But bitch, I'm off the chain like Kala Brown 
 Motherfucker, shut the fuck up when I’m talkin’, lil' bitch 
 I’m sorry, wait, what's your talent? Oh, critiquin' 
 My talent? Oh, bitch, I don't know who the fuck y’all are 
 To give a sub-par bar or even have an opinion or view 
 You mention me, millions of views, attention in news 
 I mention you, lose-lose for me, win-win for you 
 Billions of views, your ten cents are two 
 Skim through the music to give shit reviews 
 To get clicks, but bitch, you just lit the fuse 
 Don't get misconstrued, business as us' 
 Shit-list renewed, so get shit to do 
 Or get dissed 'cause I just don't get 
 What the fuck half the shit is that you're listenin' to 
 Do you have any idea how much I hate this choppy flow 
 Everyone copies though? Prob'ly no 
 Get this fuckin' audio out my Audi, yo, adiós 
 I can see why people like Lil Yachty, but not me though 
 Not even dissin', it just ain't for me 
 All I am simply is just an emcee 
 Maybe "Stan" just isn't your cup of tea (Get it?) 
 Maybe your cup's full of syrup and lean 
 Maybe I need to stir up shit, preferably 
 Shake the world up if it were up to me 
 Paul wants me to chill, y'all want me to ill 
 I should eat a pill, probably I will 
 Old me killed the new me, watch him bleed to death 
 I breathe on the mirror, I don't see my breath 
 Possibly I'm dead, I must be possessed 
 Like an evil spell, I'm E-V-I-L (Evil, spelled) 
 Jam a Crest Whitestrip in the tip of my dick 
 With an ice pick, stick it in a vise grip 
 Hang it on a spike fence, bang it with a pipe wrench 
 While I take my ball sack and flick it like a light switch 
 Like Vice President Mike Pence 
 Back up on my shit in a sidekick as I lay it on a spike strip 
 These are things that I'd rather do than hear you on a mic 
 Since nine tenths of your rhyme is about ice and 
 Jesus Christ, man, how many times is 
 Someone gonna fuck on my bitch? (Fuck my side chick!) 
 You won't ever see Em icy 
 But as cold as I get on the M-I-C 
 I polarize shit, so the Thames might freeze 
 And your skull might split like I bashed you upside it 
 Bitch, I got the club on smash like a nightstick (Yeah) 
 Turn down for what? 
 I ain't loud enough, nah, turn the Valium up! 
 'Cause I don't know how I'm gonna get your mouths to shut 
 Now when it doesn't matter what caliber 
 I spit at, I'll bet a hundred thousand bucks 
 You'll turn around and just be like, "Man, how the fuck 
 Sourpuss gonna get mad just 'cause his album sucks? 
 And now he wants to take it out on us." (Ooouuu) 
 But last week, an ex-fan mailed me a copy 
 Of The Mathers LP to tell me to study 
 It'll help me get back to myself and she'll love me (Oooouuu) 
 I mailed the bitch back and said if I did that 
 I'd just be like everyone else in the fuckin' industry 
 Especially an effing Recovery clone of me (NFing) 
 So finger-bang, chicken wang, MGK, Igg' Azae' 
 Lil Pump, Lil Xan imitate Lil Wayne 
 I should aim at everybody in the game, pick a name 
 I'm fed up with bein' humble 
 And rumor is I'm hungry, I'm sure you heard rumblings 
 I heard you wanna rumble like an empty stomach 
 I heard your mumblin' but it's jumbled in mumbo-jumbo 
 The era that I'm from will pummel you, that's what it's comin' to 
 What the fuck you're gonna do when you run into it? 
 I'm gonna crumble you and I'll take a number two 
 And dump on you, if you ain't Joyner 
 If you ain't Kendrick or Cole or Sean, then you're a goner 
 I'm 'bout to bring it to anyone in this bitch who want it 
 I guess when you walk into BK you expect a Whopper 
 You can order a Quarter Pounder when you go to McDonald's 
 But if you're lookin' to get a porterhouse you better go get Revival 
 But y'all are actin' like I tried to serve you up a slider 
 Maybe the vocals shoulda been auto-tuned 
 And you woulda bought it 
 But sayin' I no longer got it 
 'Cause you missed a line and never caught it 
 'Cause it went over your head, because you're too stupid to get it 
 'Cause you're mentally retarded, but pretend to be the smartest 
 With your expertise and knowledge, but you'll never be an artist 
 And I'm harder on myself than you could ever be regardless 
 What I'll never be is flawless, all I'll ever be is honest 
 Even when I'm gone they're gonna say I brought it 
 Even when I hit my forties like a fuckin' alcoholic 
 With a bottle full of malt liquor 
 But I couldn't bottle this shit any longer 
 The fact that I know that I'ma hit my bottom 
 If I don't pull myself from the jaws of defeat and rise to my feet 
 I don't see why y'all even started with me 
 I get in beefs, my enemies die 
 I don't cease fire 'til at least all are deceased 
 I'm east side, never be caught slippin' 
 Now you see why I don't sleep, not even a wink, I don't blink 
 I don't doze off, I don't even nod to the beats 
 I don't even close my fuckin' eyes when I sneeze 
 "Aw, man! That BET cypher was weak, it was garbage 
 The Thing ain't even orange—oh my God, that's a reach!" 
 Shout to all my colorblind people 
 Each and everyone of y'all, if you call a fire engine green 
 Aquamarine, or you think water is pink 
 "Dawg, that's a date."  "Looks like an olive to me." 
 "Look, there's an apple!" No, it's not, it's a peach! 
 So finger-bang, Pootie Tang 
 Burger King, Gucci Gang, dookie, dang 
 Charlamagne gonna hate anyway, doesn't matter what I say 
 Give me Donkey of the Day 
 What a way for 2018 to get underway 
 But I'm gonna say everything that I wanna say 
 Welcome to the slaughterhouse, bitch! (Yeah) 
 Invite 'em in like a One A Day 
 I'm not done (Preach!) 
 'Cause I feel like the beast of burden 
 That line in the sand, was it even worth it? 
 'Cause the way I see people turning's 
 Makin' it seem worthless, it's startin' to defeat the purpose 
 I'm watchin' my fan base shrink to thirds 
 And I was just tryin' to do the right thing, but word 
 Has the court of public opinion reached a verdict 
 Or still yet to be determined? 
 'Cause I'm determined to be me, critiqued or worshipped 
 But if I could go back, I'd at least reword it 
 And say I empathize with the people this evil serpent 
 Sold the dream to that he's deserted 
 But I think it's workin' 
 These verses are makin' him a wee bit nervous 
 And he's too scurred to answer me with words 
 'Cause he knows that he will lyrically get murdered 
 But I know at least he's heard it 
 'Cause Agent Orange just sent the Secret Service 
 To meet in person to see if I really think of hurtin' him 
 Or ask if I'm linked to terrorists 
 I said, "Only when it comes to ink and lyricists." 
 But my beef is more media journalists 
 (Hold up, hold up, hold up…) 
 I said my beef is more meaty, a journalist 
 Can get a mouthful of flesh 
 And yes, I mean eatin' a penis 
 'Cause they been pannin' my album to death 
 So I been givin' the media fingers 
 Don't wanna turn this to a counseling sesh 
 But they been puttin' me through the ringer 
 So I ain't ironin' shit out with the press 
 But I just took this beat to the cleaners[Chorus: Ed Sheeran] 
 I've been a liar, been a thief 
 Been a lover, been a cheat 
 All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me 
 Well, little one, I don't want to admit to something 
 If all it's gonna cause is pain 
 Truth and my lies right now are falling like the rain 
 So let the river run 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 He's comin' home with his neck scratched, to catch flack 
 Sweat jackets and dress slacks, mismatched 
 On his breath's Jack, he's a sex addict 
 And she just wants to exact revenge and get back 
 It's a chess match, she's on his back like a jet-pack 
 She's kept track of all his Internet chats 
 And guess who just happens to be movin' on to the next 
 Actually, just shit on my last chick and she has what my ex lacks 
 'Cause she loves danger, psychopath 
 And you don't fuck with no man's girl, even I know that 
 But she's devised some plan to stab him in the back 
 Knife in hand, says their relationship's hangin' by a strand 
 So she's been on the web lately 
 Says maybe she'll be my Gwen Stacy, to spite her man 
 And I know she's using me to try to play him, I don't care 
 Hi Suzanne, but I shoulda said "Bye Suzanne" 
 After the first night, but tonight I am 
  
 [Chorus: Ed Sheeran] 
 I've been a liar, been a thief 
 Been a lover, been a cheat 
 All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me 
 Well, little one, I don't want to admit to something 
 If all it's gonna cause is pain 
 The truth and my lies now are falling like the rain 
 So let the river run 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 A one-night stand turned a two-night stand 
 It was "come sunlight, scram," now we hug tight, and... 
 He found out, now she feels deserted and used 
 'Cause he left, so what? He did it first to her too 
 Now how am I supposed to tell this girl that we're through? 
 It's hard to find the words, I'm aloof, nervous, and Sue 
 Don't want this to hurt, but what you deserve is the truth 
 Don't take it personal, I just can't say this in person to you 
 So I revert to the studio, like hole-in-the-wall diners 
 Don't have to be reserved in a booth 
 I just feel like the person who I'm turning into's 
 Irreversible, I preyed on you like it's church at the pew 
 And now that I got you I don't want you 
 Took advantage in my thirst to pursue 
 Why do I do this dirt that I do? 
 Get on my soapbox and preach, my sermon and speech 
 Detergent and bleach is burnin' the wound 
 'Cause now with her in the womb 
 We can't bring her in this world, shoulda knew 
 To use protection 'fore I bit into your forbidden fruit 
 Fuck! 
  
 [Chorus: Ed Sheeran] 
 I've been a liar, been a thief 
 Been a lover, been a cheat 
 All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me 
 Well, little one, I don't want to admit to something 
 If all it's gonna cause is pain 
 The truth and my lies now are falling like the rain 
 So let the river run 
  
 [Bridge: Eminem & Ed Sheeran] 
 My name's (ooh), my name's (ooh) 
 River (ooh), river run 
 Call me (ooh), call me (ooh) 
 River (ooh), we'll let the river run 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Always the bridesmaid, never "The bride, hey!" 
 Fuck can I say? If life was a highway 
 And deceit was an enclave, I'd be swerving in five lanes 
 Speeds at a high rate, like I'm slidin' on ice, maybe 
 That's why I may have came at you sideways 
 I can't keep my lies straight 
 But I made you terminate my baby 
 This love triangle left us in a wreck, tangled 
 What else can I say? It was fun for a while 
 Bet I really woulda loved your smile 
 Didn't really wanna abort, but fuck it 
 What's one more lie, to tell our unborn child? 
  
 [Chorus: Ed Sheeran & Eminem] 
 I've been a liar, been a thief 
 Been a lover, been a cheat 
 All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me 
 Well, little one (I'm sorry) 
 I don't want to admit to something (I fucked up) 
 If all it's gonna cause is pain 
 The truth and my lies now are falling like the rain 
 So let the river run[Verse 1] 
 Now this shit's about to kick off, this party looks wack 
 Let's take it back to straight hip-hop and start it from scratch 
 I'm 'bout to bloody this track up, everybody get back 
 That's why my pen needs a pad, 'cause my rhymes on the rag 
 Just like I did with addiction, I'm 'bout to kick it 
 Like a magician, critics I turn to crickets 
 Got 'em still on the fence whether to picket 
 But quick to get it impaled when I tell 'em, "Stick it!" 
 So sick, I'm looking pale—wait, that's my pigment 
 'Bout to go ham, ya bish, shout out to Kendrick 
 Let's bring it back to that vintage Slim, bitch! 
 The art of MCing mixed with da Vinci and MC Ren 
 And I don't mean Stimpy's friend, bitch 
 Been Public Enemy since you thought PE was gym, bitch 
  
 [Pre-Chorus] 
 Kick your shoes off, let your hair down 
 (And go berserk) all night long 
 Grow your beard out, just weird out 
 (And go berserk) all night long 
  
 [Chorus 1] 
 We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down 
 So turn the volume loud 
 'Cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M. 
 So, baby, make just like K-Fed 
 And let yourself go, let yourself go 
 Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket 
 Life's too short to not go for broke 
 So everybody, everybody, go berserk, grab your vial, yeah 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Guess it's just the way that I'm dressed, ain't it? 
 Khakis pressed, Nike shoes crispy and fresh laced 
 So I guess it ain't that aftershave 
 Or cologne that made 'em just faint 
 Plus I showed up with a coat fresher than wet paint 
 So if love is a chess game, check mate 
 But girl, your body's bangin', jump me in, dang, bang-bang 
 Yes siree 'Bob', I was thinking the same thang 
 So come get on this Kid's rock, baw with da baw, dang-dang 
 Pow-p-p-p-pow, chica, pow, chica, wow-wow 
 Got your gal blowin' up a valve, valve-valve 
 Ain't slowin' down, throw in the towel, towel-towel 
 Dumb it down, I don't know how, huh-huh, how-how 
 At least I know that I don't know 
 Question is, are you bozos smart enough to feel stupid? 
 Hope so, now ho… 
  
 [Pre-Chorus] 
 Kick your shoes off, let your hair down 
 (And go berserk) all night long 
 Grow your beard out, just weird out 
 (And go berserk) all night long 
  
 [Chorus 2] 
 We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down 
 So turn the volume loud 
 'Cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M. 
 So crank the bass up like crazy 
 And let yourself go, let yourself go 
 Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket 
 Life's too short to not go for broke 
 So everybody, everybody, go berzerk, get your vinyls! 
  
 [Scratch] 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 They say that love is powerful as cough syrup in styrofoam 
 All I know is I fell asleep and woke up in that Monte Carlo 
 With the ugly Kardashian, Lamar, oh 
 Sorry, yo—we done both set the bar low 
 Far as hard drugs are though, that's the past 
 But I done did enough codeine to knock Future into tomorrow 
 And girl, I ain't got no money to borrow 
 But I am tryin' to find a way to get you alone: car note 
 Oh, Marshall Mathers 
 Shithead with a potty mouth, get the bar of soap lathered 
 Kangol's and Carheartless Cargos 
 Girl, you're fixin' to get your heart broke 
 Don't be absurd, ma'am, you birdbrain, baby 
 I ain't called anybody baby since Birdman, unless you're a swallow 
 Word, Rick? (Word, man, you heard) 
 But don't get discouraged, girl 
 This is your jam, unless you got toe jam 
  
 [Pre-Chorus] 
 Kick your shoes off, let your hair down 
 (And go berserk) all night long 
 Grow your beard out, just weird out 
 (And go berserk) all night long 
  
 [Chorus 1] 
 We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down 
 So turn the volume loud 
 'Cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M. 
 So, baby, make just like K-Fed 
 And let yourself go, let yourself go 
 Say "Fuck it!" before we kick the bucket 
 Life's too short to not go for broke 
 So everybody, everybody, go berserk, grab your vial, yeah[Intro] 
 I got a song filled with shit for the strong-willed 
 When the world gives you a raw deal 
 Sets you off 'til you scream, "Piss off! Screw you!" 
 When it talks to you like you don't belong 
 Or tells you you're in the wrong field 
 When something's in your mitochondrial 
 'Cause it latched on to you, like— 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Knock knock, let the devil in 
 Manevolent as I've ever been, head is spinnin' 
 This medicine's screamin', "L-L-L-Let us in!" 
 L-L-L-Like a salad bowl, Edgar Allan Poe 
 Bedridden, shoulda been dead a long time ago 
 Liquid Tylenol, gelatins, think my skeleton's meltin' 
 Wicked, I get all high when I think I've smelled the scent 
 Of elephant manure—hell, I meant Kahlúa 
 Screw it, to hell with it, I went through hell with accelerants 
 And blew up my-my-myself again 
 Volkswagen, tailspin, bucket matches my pale skin 
 Mayo and went from Hellmann's and being rail thin 
 Filet-o-Fish, Scribble Jam, Rap Olympics '97 Freaknik 
 How can I be down? Me and Bizarre in Florida 
 Proof's room slept on the floor of 'da motel then 
 Dr. Dre said, "Hell yeah!" 
 And I got his stamp like a postcard, word to Mel-Man 
 And I know they're gonna hate 
 But I don't care, I barely can wait 
 To hit 'em with the snare and the bass 
 Square in the face, this fuckin' world better prepare to get laced 
 Because they're gonna taste my— 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum 
 And I'm not knowin' when I'm 
 Ever gonna slow up and I'm 
 Ready to snap any moment I'm 
 Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em 
 They ain't gonna know what hit 'em 
 (W-W-When they get bit with the—) 
 Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum 
 And I'm not knowin' when I'm 
 Ever gonna slow up and I'm 
 Ready to snap any moment I'm 
 Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em 
 They ain't gonna know what hit 'em 
 (W-W-When they get bit with the—) 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I said knock knock, let the devil in 
 Shotgun p-p-pellets in the felt pen 
 Cocked, fuck around and catch a hot one 
 It-it's evident I'm not done 
 V-Venomous, the thoughts spun 
 Like a web and you just caught in 'em 
 Held against your will like a hubcap or mud flap 
 Beat strangler attack 
 So this ain't gonna feel like a love tap 
 Eat painkiller pills, fuck up the track 
 Like, what's her name's at the wheel? Danica Patrick 
 Threw the car into reverse at the Indy, a nut crashin' 
 Into ya, the back of it just mangled steel 
 My Mustang and the Jeep Wrangler grill 
 With the front smashed, much as my rear fender, assassin 
 Slim be a combination of an actual kamikaze and Gandhi (Gandhi) 
 Translation, I will probably kill us both 
 When I end up backin' into ya 
 You ain't gonna be able to tell what the fuck's happenin' to ya 
 When you're bit with the— 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Venom, adrenaline momentum 
 And I'm not knowin' when I'm 
 Ever gonna slow up and I'm 
 Ready to snap any moment I'm 
 Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em 
 They ain't gonna know what hit 'em 
 (W-W-When they get bit with the—) 
 Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum 
 And I'm not knowin' when I'm 
 Ever gonna slow up and I'm 
 Ready to snap any moment I'm 
 Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em 
 They ain't gonna know what hit 'em 
 (W-W-When they get bit with the—) 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I said knock knock, let the devil in 
 Alien, E-E-Elliott phone home 
 Ain't no telling when this chokehold 
 On this game will end, I'm loco 
 Became a Symbiote, so 
 My fangs are in your throat, ho 
 You're snake-bitten with my—venom 
 With the ballpoint pen I'm 
 Gun cocked, bump stock, double-aught, buckshot 
 Tire thumper, a garrote, tie a couple knots 
 Fired up and caught fire, juggernaut 
 Punk rock, bitch, it's goin' down like Yung Joc 
 'Cause the Doc put me on like sunblock 
 Why the fuck not, you only get one shot 
 Ate shit 'til I can't taste it 
 Chased it with straight liquor 
 Then paint thinner, then drank 'til I faint 
 And awake with a headache 
 And I take anything in rectangular shape 
 Then I wait to face the demons I'm bonded to 
 'Cause they're chasin' me but I'm part of you 
 So escapin' me is impossible 
 I latch onto you like a—parasite 
 And I probably ruined your parents' life 
 And your childhood too 
 'Cause if I'm the music that y'all grew up on 
 I'm responsible for you retarded fools 
 I'm the super villain Dad and Mom was losin' their marbles to 
 You marvel that? Eddie Brock is you 
 And I'm the suit, so call me— 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum 
 And I'm not knowin' when I'm 
 Ever gonna slow up and I'm 
 Ready to snap any moment I'm 
 Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em 
 They ain't gonna know what hit 'em 
 (W-W-When they get bit with the—) 
 Venom, (I got that) adrenaline momentum 
 And I'm not knowin' when I'm 
 Ever gonna slow up and I'm 
 Ready to snap any moment I'm 
 Thinkin' it's time to go get 'em 
 They ain't gonna know what hit 'em 
 (W-W-When they get bit with the—)[Intro: Eminem & Lil Juice] 
 Tay Keith, fuck these niggas up! 
 Yeah 
  
 [Pre-Chorus: Eminem] 
 Brain dead, eye drops 
 Pain meds, cyclops 
 Daybed, iPod 
 "May-back", Maybach 
 Trainwrecks, sidewalks 
 Payless, high-tops 
 K-Fed, iHop 
 Playtex, icebox 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 That's how much we have in common (Yah!) 
 That's how much we have in common (Whoa!) 
 Up on this mic when we're on it (Yah) 
 That's how much we have in common (Yuh!) 
 That's how much we have in common (Woo!) 
 That's how much we have in common 
 We are not alike, there's nada like us on the mic (Yah!) 
  
 [Verse 1: Royce da 5'9"] 
 I don't do Jordans and Audemars 
 I do explosions and Molotovs 
 Y'all blowin' smoke as if y'all ain't washed 
 I blow the smoke from the car exhaust 
 Flyin' to a party I am not invited to, feelin' like the streets need me 
 I ain't gotta dance long as my Ferrari Spider move like C Breezy 
 I don't gotta hire goons 
 I'd rather try to buy the moon and breathe freely 
 The sky is blue, the tires is new 
 The Maserati white and cool like G-Eazy 
 Why these dudes tryna figure out 
 How to do a freestyle as fly as me? (Why?) 
 I'm confused tryna figure out how to do Kapri Styles and Mya G 
 Everybody doin' chick joints 
 Probably rob these little dudes at fist point 
 'Member everybody used to bite Nickel 
 Now everybody doin' Bitcoin 
 We don't got nothin' in common (No!) 
 We don't got nothin' in common (No!) 
 Y'all into stuff like doubled-up Styrofoam cups 
 On them uppers-and-downers (Woo!) 
 I'm into stuff like doublin' commas 
 Find me a brother who's solid 
 To count the shit up and then bust the shit down 
 If the cops hit us up, we can flush the shit down 
 We cannot give a fuck, shit, a fuckin' colonic 
 Sellin' your cock and your butt for a follower 
 Possible couple of dollars, you powder sniff 
 Now you slippin', call it a power trip, a product of politics 
 Y'all went from profit and toppin' the charts 
 To dropped in the park in a pile of shit 
 Knowledge is power, but powerless 
 If you've got it and you do not acknowledge it 
 Y'all music sound like Dr. Seuss inspired it 
 Hirin' strippers, prostitutes retirin' 
 We can spit it for ya advance 
 I'm fit to be king, you're cut out to fit in Prince pants 
 You niggas— 
  
 [Pre-Chorus: Eminem] 
 Brain dead, eye drops 
 Pain meds, cyclops 
 Daybed, iPod 
 "May-back", Maybach 
 Trainwrecks, sidewalks 
 Payless, high-tops 
 K-Fed, iHop 
 Playtex, icebox 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 That's how much we have in common (Yah!) 
 That's how much we have in common (Whoa!) 
 Up on this mic when we're on it (Yah) 
 That's how much we have in common (Yuh!) 
 That's how much we have in common (Woo!) 
 That's how much we have in common 
 We are not alike, there's nada like us— 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 You say you're affiliated with murderers, killas (Ayy!) 
 The people you run with are thuggin' (Gang!) 
 But you just a wannabe gunna (Gang!) 
 Like you was gonna do somethin' 
 Actin' like you catchin' bodies (Ayy!) 
 And you got juice, lil' youngin', you buggin' 
 You ain't never even been charged in connection with battery 
 Bitch, you ain't plugged in to nothin' 
 Rap God spit lyrical bullets (Pew!) 
 And gats cock, your partners better tool up 
 This has not to do with muscular 
 But have guns for sure, you better put a 
 Strap on, other words if you're gonna 
 Roll up with your (Gang!) you're gon' need a arsenal 
 'Cause this bar is over your head 
 So you better have arms if you're gonna pull up (Skrrt!) 
 Oh, you run the streets, huh? 
 Now you wanna come and fuck with me, huh? 
 This little cock-sucker, he must be feelin' himself 
 He wants to keep up his tough demeanour 
 So he does a feature, decides to team up with N9na 
 But next time you don't gotta use Tech N9ne 
 If you wanna come at me with a sub, Machine Gun 
 And I'm talkin' to you 
 But you already know who the fuck you are, Kelly 
 I don't use sublims and sure as fuck don't sneak-diss 
 But keep commenting on my daughter Hailie 
 I keep on telling you motherfuckers 
 But just in case you forgot really and need Ja memories 
 Jarred like strawberry or pineapple, apricot jelly 
 I respond rarely, but this time Shady 'bout to sound off 
 Like a fuckin' cocked semi-Glock demi-god 
 Let me put a fuckin' silencer on this little 
 Non-threatening blond fairy cornball takin' shots at me 
 You're not ready, fool, break yourself like Rock Steady Crew 
 Obviously, I'm not gettin' through 
 We can get it poppin' like Redenbach, lettin' off like Remy Ma 
 Heavy artillery, Godzilla, harsh with a hard shell 
 With a motherfucking heart bigger than Bizarre's belly 
 Only time you'll ever say I lost 
 You'll be talkin' 'bout Fetty Wap, better call Diddy 
 Just to try to get me off, and you better hope I don't call Trick Trick 
 Bitch, this shit don't fly in our city 
 Punk, you don't disrespect OGs, R.I.P. Prodigy 
 Sold Dre my soul and then told him the moment he signed me 
 That I'll be the most hated, though made it 
 So that there's no shame, it's okay to own it 
 'Cause life is a bitch, she's a bow-legged ho 
 But now those days are over 
 I Harvey Weinstein a bathrobe hanging open 
 My code name is groper, I role play with lotion 
 I fuck the whole world then I throw away the Trojan 
 Old lederhosen with home-made explosives 
 I blow 80 holes in you 
 Don't make me go in, I OJ the flows and 
 I'm insult to injury, Rolaids to Goldman 
 I'm throat spray and Motrin, I throated Nicole 
 As they both there to choke and my whole blade is soakin' 
 I double-edge sword it 'cause one place I poke and 
 I stick and I turn in a rotating motion 
 Invisible with the pen, I'm at the pinnacle of sick individuals 
 Stick my dick and put the tip in at minimal 
 I'm fuckin' these syllables, I let 'em lick on my genitals 
 I'm a fucking invincible, indefensible, despicable, difficult prick 
 A little bit unpredictable, I spit the formidable 
 That you bitches fuckin' with, the original 
 I consider me and Nickel identical—but not us 
 The only thing we have in common is I'm a dick and you suck 
 Otherwise one has nothin' to do with the other 
 None come close to skunk, bug, soldier 
 Tongue, shrub, shoulder, one month older 
 Sponge, mug, folder, nun, rug, holster 
 Lug nut, coaster, lung, jug, roaster 
 Young Thug poster, unplugged toaster! 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 That's how much we have in common (Yah!) 
 That's how much we have in common (Whoa!) 
 Up on this mic when we're on it (Yah) 
 That's how much we have in common (Yeah!) 
 That's how much we have in common (Woo!) 
 That's how much we have in common 
 We are not alike, there's nada like us— 
 (Man, fuck this shit, let's go)[Intro: Eminem & Justin Vernon] 
 You know, everybody's been tellin' me 
 What they think about me for the last few months 
 It's too loud 
 Maybe it's time I tell 'em what I think about them 
 Can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot It's too loud 
 Three’s not a crowd all up in it, slow fire 
  
 [Chorus: Justin Vernon] 
 Don't fall on my face 
 Don't fall on my faith, oh 
 Don't fall on my fate 
 Don't fall on my faith, oh 
 Don't fall on my fate 
 Don't fall on my– 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Gotta concentrate, against the clock I race 
 Got no time to waste, I'm already late, I got a marathoner's pace 
 Went from addict to a workaholic, word to Dr. Dre 
 In that first marijuana tape—guess I got a chronic case (yeah) 
 And I ain't just blowin' smoke, 'less it's in your momma's face 
 I know this time Paul and Dre 
 They won't tell me what not to say (nope!) 
 And though me and my party days 
 Have all pretty much parted ways 
 You'd swear to God I forgot I'm the guy that made "Not Afraid" 
 One last time for Charlamagne 
 If my response is late, it's just how long it takes 
 To hit my fuckin' radar, I'm so far away 
 These rappers are like Hunger Games 
 One minute, they're mockin' Jay 
 Next minute, they get their style from Migos or they copy Drake 
 Maybe I just don't know when to turn around and walk away 
 But all the hate, I call it "Walk on Water" gate 
 I've had as much as I can tolerate 
 I'm sick and tired of waitin', I done lost my patience 
 I can take all of you motherfuckers on at once 
 You wanted Shady? You got him! 
  
 [Chorus: Justin Vernon & (Eminem)] 
 Don't fall on my face (yeah) 
 Don't fall on my faith, oh 
 Don't fall on my fate (line 'em up!) 
 Don't fall on my faith, oh (rrr!) 
 Don't fall on my fate (look) 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Somebody tell Budden before I snap, he better fasten it 
 Or have his body bag get zipped 
 The closest thing he's had to hits is smackin' bitches (Pump it up!) 
 And don't make me have to give it back to Akademiks 
 Say this shit is trash again, I'll have you twisted 
 Like you had it when you thought you had me slippin' at the telly 
 Even when I'm gettin' brain, you'll never catch me with a thot 
 Lackin' with it, "he ain't spittin' like this on his last shit" 
 Ho, you better go back and listen 
 You know me better, thinkin' I'll slow or let up 
 Call it trap 'cause it's a total setup 
 Hopin' that you rappers fall in that 
 Dre said, "Hold your head up!"—Kathy Griffin 
 Stackin' ammunition, slap the clip in, cock it back on competition 
 This is how I shot ahead (pew)—Gabby Giffords 
 My attack is vicious, Jack the Ripper, back in business 
 Tyler create nothin', I see why you called yourself a f*****, bitch 
 It's not just 'cause you lack attention 
 It's because you worship D12's balls, you're sack-religious 
 If you're gonna critique me 
 You better at least be as good or better 
 Get Earl the Hooded Sweater 
 Whatever his name is to help you put together 
 Some words, more than just two letters 
 The fans waited for this moment like that feature 
 When I stole the show (ha), sorry if I took forever (haha) 
  
 [Chorus: Justin Vernon & (Eminem)] 
 Don't fall on my face (yeah) 
 Don't fall on my faith, oh (I won't) 
 Don't fall on my fate (line 'em up!) 
 Don't fall on my faith, oh (ha) 
 Don't fall on my fate (it's too easy) 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Just remember, I was here before you 
 And I'll be here after you make your run-in for you 
 Detractors, I might have to fuck Pitchfork with a corkscrew 
 Just what the doctor ordered 
 Revenge is the best medicine 
 Increase the dose, from least to most 
 And then tell the Grammys to go and fuck themselves 
 They suck the blood from all the biggest artists like some leeches 
 So they nominate 'em, get 'em there, get a name to MC the show 
 Every parasite needs a host (haha) 
 Then give Album of the Year to somebody that no one's ever even heard of 
 All I know is I wrote every single word to 
 Everything I ever murdered 
 Time to separate the sheep from goats (yeah) 
 And I got no faith in your writers, I don't believe in ghosts 
 When rap needed it most, I was that wing and a prayer 
 A beacon of hope, put a B-I-R-D in the air 
 Somewhere some kid is bumpin' this while he lip-syncs in the mirror 
 That's who I'm doin' it for, the rest I don't really even care 
 But you would think I'm carryin' an Oxford dictionary in my pocket 
 How I'm buryin' these artists 
 On a scale of 'turnt' you're 'minus' 
 Mine says 'very', yours says 'hardly' 
 And what's scary is you prob'ly can compare me to your car 'cause I'm just barely gettin' started (woo!) 
 And far as Lord Jamar, you better leave me the hell alone 
 Or I'll show you an Elvis clone 
 Walk up in this house you own, thrust my pelvic bone 
 Use your telephone and go fetch me the remote 
 Put my feet up and just make myself at home 
 I belong here, clown! Don't tell me 'bout the culture! 
 I inspired the Hopsins, the Logics, the Coles, the 
 Seans, the K-Dots, the 5'9"s, and oh 
 Brought the world 50 Cent, you did squat, piss and moan 
 But I'm not gonna fall… bitch! (yeah) 
  
 [Outro: Justin Vernon] 
 It's too loud 
 Can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot 
 It's too loud 
 Three’s not a crowd all up in it 
 Slow fire[Produced by Mark the 45 King] 
  
 [Chorus: Dido] 
 My tea's gone cold 
 I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all 
 The morning rain clouds up my window 
 And I can't see at all 
 And even if I could it'd all be gray 
 But your picture on my wall 
 It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad 
 My tea's gone cold 
 I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all 
 The morning rain clouds up my window 
 And I can't see at all 
 And even if I could it'd all be gray 
 But your picture on my wall 
 It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem (as Stan)] 
 Dear Slim, I wrote you, but you still ain't callin' 
 I left my cell, my pager and my home phone at the bottom 
 I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not've got 'em 
 There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin' 
 Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em 
 But anyways, fuck it, what's been up, man? How's your daughter? 
 My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm 'bout to be a father 
 If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her? 
 I'ma name her Bonnie 
 I read about your Uncle Ronnie too, I'm sorry 
 I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him 
 I know you probably hear this every day, but I'm your biggest fan 
 I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam 
 I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man 
 I like the shit you did with Rawkus too, that shit was phat 
 Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back 
 Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Stan 
  
 [Chorus: Dido] 
 My tea's gone cold 
 I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all 
 The morning rain clouds up my window 
 And I can't see at all 
 And even if I could it'd all be gray 
 But your picture on my wall 
 It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem (as Stan)] 
 Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance 
 I ain't mad, I just think it's fucked up you don't answer fans 
 If you didn't want to talk to me outside your concert 
 You didn't have to 
 But you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew 
 That's my little brother, man, he's only six years old 
 We waited in the blisterin' cold 
 For you, for four hours, and you just said no 
 That's pretty shitty, man, you're like his fuckin' idol 
 He wants to be just like you, man, he likes you more than I do 
 I ain't that mad, though I just don't like being lied to 
 Remember when we met in Denver? 
 You said if I'd write you, you would write back 
 See, I'm just like you in a way: I never knew my father neither 
 He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her 
 I can relate to what you're sayin' in your songs 
 So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on 
 ‘Cause I don't really got shit else 
 So that shit helps when I'm depressed 
 I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest 
 Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds 
 It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me 
 See, everything you say is real, and I respect you ‘cause you tell it 
 My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7 
 But she don't know you like I know you, Slim, no one does 
 She don't know what it was like for people like us growin' up 
 You gotta call me, man 
 I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose, sincerely yours, Stan 
 P.S.: We should be together too 
  
 [Chorus: Dido] 
 My tea's gone cold 
 I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all 
 The morning rain clouds up my window 
 And I can't see at all 
 And even if I could it'd all be gray 
 But your picture on my wall 
 It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem (as Stan)] 
 Dear Mr. I'm-Too-Good-to-Call-or-Write-My-Fans 
 This'll be the last package I ever send your ass 
 It's been six months, and still no word—I don't deserve it? 
 I know you got my last two letters 
 I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect 
 So this is my cassette I'm sendin' you, I hope you hear it 
 I'm in the car right now, I'm doin' 90 on the freeway 
 Hey, Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive? 
 You know the song by Phil Collins, "In the Air of the Night" 
 About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drownin' 
 But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him? 
 That's kinda how this is: you coulda rescued me from drownin' 
 Now it's too late, I'm on a thousand downers now—I'm drowsy 
 And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call 
 I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall 
 I loved you, Slim, we coulda been together—think about it! 
 You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it 
 And when you dream I hope you can't sleep 
 And you scream about it; I hope your conscience eats at you 
 And you can't breathe without me 
 See, Slim—shut up, bitch! I'm tryin' to talk 
 Hey, Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin' in the trunk 
 But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see I ain't like you 
 ‘Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more and then she'll die too 
 Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now 
 Oh, shit, I forgot—how am I supposed to send this shit out?! 
  
 [Chorus: Dido] 
 My tea's gone cold 
 I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all 
 The morning rain clouds up my window 
 And I can't see at all 
 And even if I could it'd all be gray 
 But your picture on my wall 
 It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad 
  
 [Verse 4: Eminem] 
 Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner, but I just been busy 
 You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she? 
 Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that 
 And here's an autograph 
 For your brother; I wrote it on a Starter cap 
 I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I must've missed you 
 Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you 
 But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too? 
 I say that shit's just clownin', dawg, come on, how fucked up is you? 
 You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counselin' 
 To help your ass from bouncin' 
 Off the walls when you get down some 
 And what's this shit about us meant to be together? 
 That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other 
 I really think you and your girlfriend need each other 
 Or maybe you just need to treat her better 
 I hope you get to read this letter 
 I just hope it reaches you in time 
 Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin' just fine 
 If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you, but Stan 
 Why are you so mad? Try to understand that I do want you as a fan 
 I just don't want you to do some crazy shit 
 I seen this one shit on the news 
 A couple weeks ago that made me sick 
 Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge 
 And had his girlfriend in the trunk 
 And she was pregnant with his kid 
 And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to 
 Come to think about it, his name was—it was you, damn[Chorus: Beyoncé & Eminem] 
 I walk on water 
 But I ain't no Jesus 
 I walk on water 
 But only when it freezes (Fuck) 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Why are expectations so high? Is it the bar I set? 
 My arms, I stretch, but I can’t reach 
 A far cry from it, or it's in my grasp, but as 
 Soon as I grab, squeeze 
 I lose my grip like the flying trapeze 
 Into the dark I plummet, now the sky's blackening 
 I know the mark’s high, butter– 
 flies rip apart my stomach 
 Knowin' that no matter what bars I come with 
 You're gonna harp, gripe, and 
 That's a hard Vicodin to swallow, so I scrap these 
 As pressure increases like khakis 
 I feel the ice cracking, because— 
  
 [Chorus: Beyoncé & Eminem] 
 I walk on water 
 But I ain't no Jesus 
 (It's the curse of the—, it's the curse of the—) 
 I walk on water (Shit) 
 But only when it freezes 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 It's the curse of the standard 
 That the first of the Mathers disc set 
 Always in search of the verse that I haven’t spit yet 
 Will this step just be another misstep 
 To tarnish whatever the legacy, love or respect 
 I’ve garnered? The rhyme has to be perfect, the delivery flawless 
 And it always feels like I'm hittin’ the mark 
 'Til I go sit in the car, listen and pick it apart 
 Like, "This shit is garbage!" 
 God's given me all this, still I feel no different regardless 
 Kids look to me as a god, this is retarded 
 If only they knew, it's a facade and it’s exhaustive 
 And I try not to listen to nonsense 
 But if you bitches are tryin' to strip me of my confidence 
 Mission accomplished 
 I'm not God-sent, Nas, Rakim, 'Pac, B.I.G., James Todd Smith 
 And I'm not Prince, so… 
  
 [Chorus: Beyoncé & Eminem] 
 I walk on water 
 But I ain't no Jesus 
 I walk on water 
 (It's true, I'm a Rubik's—, it's true—) 
 But only when it freezes 
 (It's true—) 
  
 [Post-Chorus: Beyoncé] 
 'Cause I'm only human, just like you 
 Making my mistakes, oh if you only knew 
 I don't think you should believe in me the way that you do 
 'Cause I'm terrified to let you down, oh 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 It's true, I'm a Rubik's—a beautiful mess 
 At times juvenile, yes, I goof and I jest 
 A flawed human, I guess 
 But I'm doin' my best to not ruin your ex– 
 pectations and meet 'em, but first 
 The "Speedom" verse, now Big Sean 
 He's goin' too fast, is he gonna shout or curse out his mom? 
 There was a time I had the world by the balls, eatin' out my palm 
 Every album song I was spazzin' the fuck out on 
 And now I'm gettin' clowned and frowned on 
 But the only one who's looking down on 
 Me that matters now's DeShaun 
 Am I lucky to be around this long? 
 Begs the question though 
 Especially after the methadone 
 As yesterday fades and the Dresden home 
 Is burnt to the ground and all that's left of my house is lawn 
 The crowds are gone 
 And it's time to wash out the blonde 
 Sales decline, the curtain's drawn 
 They're closin' the set, I'm still pokin' my head from out behind 
 And everyone who has doubt, remind 
 Now take your best rhyme, outdo it, now do it a thousand times 
 Now let 'em tell ya the world no longer cares 
 Or gives a fuck about your rhymes 
 And as I grow outta site, outta mind, I might go outta mine 
 'Cause how do I ever let this mic go without a fight 
 When I made a fuckin' tightrope outta twine? 
 But when I do fall from these heights though, I'll be fine 
 I won't pout or cry or spiral down or whine 
 But I'll decide if it's my final bow this time around, 'cause— 
  
 [Chorus: Beyoncé] 
 I walk on water 
 But I ain't no Jesus 
 I walk on water 
 But only when it freezes 
  
 [Post-Chorus: Beyoncé] 
 'Cause I'm only human, just like you 
 I've been making my mistakes, oh if you only knew 
 I don't think you should believe in me the way that you do 
 'Cause I'm terrified to let you down, oh 
 If I walked on water, I would drown 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 'Cause I'm just a man 
 But as long as I got a mic, I'm godlike 
 So me and you are not alike 
 Bitch, I wrote "Stan"[Intro] 
 (Fack) Okay, (Fack) how do I say this? (Fack) 
 Last year (Fack) didn't work out so well for me (Fack) 
 (Fack last year!) (Fack) (Last year can eat a dick!) 
 2018, (Fack) well (Fack) 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Hah, yeah, I'm a fuckin' kamikaze crashin' into everything 
 You beat me, Islamic Nazi, that means there is no such thing 
 I've been goin' for your jugular since Craig G "Duck Alert" 
 Wedgie in my underwear, the whole bed sheet and the comforter 
 Stuck up in my rectal crack, kiss my disrespectful ass 
 I'll ride through your cul-de-sac 
 Window cracked, bumpin' your reference tracks 
 Y-You collaborative effort rap, I-I have never said his raps 
 O-Overstayed my welcome, stepped in crap 
 And ruined your welcome mat 
 So spit that shit from the heart, you didn't write like you wrote it (Wrote it) (Yeah) 
 While I teabag the microphone 'cause I go nuts on it (On it) (Yeah) 
 Like a fighter jet lined with explosives that'll strike any moment 
 Headed right at opponents and I'm the fuckin' pilot that flown it 
 I'm 'bout to— 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Smash into everyone, crash into everything 
 Back and I've just begun, "FACK" 2017 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 I'm a Kamikaze, gonna 
 Smash into everyone, crash like an F-15 
 Damage already done, y'all shoulda let me be 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 I'm a Kamikaze, gonna 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I turned to rap 'cause it made me feel tough when I wasn't (Wasn't) 
 From the moment I heard rappers cussin', I was in (Was in) 
 Which is why I identify with the guy 
 Who I was invented by, Dre's Frankenstein 
 Energized like a nine volt 
 Ice cold like Snake Eyes, twice in a row on a dice roll 
 But if the only reason I blowed is 'cause I'm white though 
 Why don't every other white rapper sell what I sold? (Ooh) 
 Kamikaze pilot, I wrote my suicide note 
 Here come the guys in white coats tryin' to stop me 
 'Fore I jump behind the controls and try to fly into foes 
 'Cause I'm takin' y'all with me when I go cyclone 
 I don't think this typhoon's lettin' up any time soon, here I go 
 Eyes closed, blindfolded, I'm 'bout to— 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Smash into everyone, crash into everything 
 Back and I've just begun, "FACK" 2017 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 I'm a Kamikaze, gonna 
 Smash into everyone, crash like an F-15 
 Damage already done, y'all should've let me be 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 Fack, fack on everyone 
 I'm a Kamikaze, gonna 
  
 [Bridge] 
 Smash 
 Kamikaze, kamikaze 
 Kami, kami-kamikaze, kamikaze, kami-kamikaze (kamikaze) 
 Take a look at what I've done 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I heard your freestyle on Shade 45, that shit was embarrassing 
 There is no way we ever air that shit again, I guarantee that 
 Wait, that shit was so ass it's somethin' we wouldn't dare re-air it 
 The shit's embarrassing as me rear-ending Tara Reid bare 
 In my therapy chair, my dick is the hair length of Cher 
 Each nut is the chair width of an Acorn stairlift, beware of me 
 Lyrically I'm terrible, better get your lyrics prepared 
 Richard Ramirez is here, serial killin' every beat there is 
 Wait, wait, got the eeriest feelin' 
 Somethin' evil is lurkin', I'm no conspiracy theorist 
 But somethin' here is a foot—oh yeah, it's my dick 
 Get the measurin' stick (What?), 12 inches of wood (Haha) 
 Wait, but I've been goin' for your jugular since Craig G "Duck Alert" 
 And I've come to pay respects 
 'Cause if you sleep you're fucked—other words 
 You get laid to rest and I hope your butt is hurt 
 Put me on a track, I go cray on it like a color book 
 You got some views, but you're still below me 
 Mine are higher, so when you compare our views, you get overlooked 
 And I don't say the hook unless I wrote the hook 
 And now I'm just freestylin' in the vocal booth 
 And you know I've always spoke the truth 
 You're lyin' through your teeth so much you broke a tooth 
 And it ain't somethin' I need a phone to do 
 When I say I can't wait 'til I get ahold of you 
 And I don't know what I'm s'posed to do 
 Line up the rappers, take my pic like a photo shoot[Intro: Obie Trice] 
 Obie Trice! Real name, no gimmicks (*record scratch*) 
  
 [Refrain 1: Eminem] 
 Two trailer park girls go 'round the outside 
 'Round the outside, 'round the outside 
 Two trailer park girls go 'round the outside 
 'Round the outside, 'round the outside 
  
 [Refrain 2: Eminem] 
 Guess who's back, back again 
 Shady's back, tell a friend 
 Guess who's back, guess who's back 
 Guess who's back, guess who's back 
 Guess who's back, guess who's back 
 Guess who's back 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I've created a monster, ‘cause nobody wants to 
 See Marshall no more, they want Shady, I'm chopped liver 
 Well, if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya 
 A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor 
 Some vodka that'll jump start my heart quicker 
 Than a shock when I get shocked at the hospital 
 By the doctor when I'm not co-operating 
 When I'm rocking the table while he's operating (Hey!) 
 You waited this long, now stop debating 
 ‘Cause I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovulating 
 I know that you got a job, Ms. Cheney 
 But your husband's heart problem's complicating 
 So the FCC won't let me be 
 Or let me be me, so let me see 
 They try to shut me down on MTV 
 But it feels so empty without me 
 So, come on and dip, bum on your lips 
 Fuck that! Cum on your lips and some on your tits 
 And get ready, ‘cause this shit's about to get heavy 
 I just settled all my lawsuits—fuck you, Debbie! 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Now this looks like a job for me 
 So everybody, just follow me 
 ‘Cause we need a little controversy 
 ‘Cause it feels so empty without me 
 I said this looks like a job for me 
 So everybody, just follow me 
 ‘Cause we need a little controversy 
 ‘Cause it feels so empty without me 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Little hellions, kids feeling rebellious 
 Embarrassed their parents still listen to Elvis 
 They start feeling like prisoners helpless 
 'Til someone comes along on a mission and yells, "Bitch!" 
 A visionary, vision is scary 
 Could start a revolution, polluting the airwaves 
 A rebel, so just let me revel and bask 
 In the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass (*smack*)​​ 
 And it's a disaster, such a catastrophe 
 For you to see so damn much of my ass—you asked for me? 
 Well, I'm back, na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na 
 Fix your bent antenna, tune it in, and then I'm gonna 
 Enter in, and up under your skin like a splinter 
 The center of attention, back for the winter 
 I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling 
 Infesting in your kid's ears and nesting 
 Testing, "Attention please" 
 Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me 
 Here's my ten cents, my two cents is free 
 A nuisance, who sent? You sent for me? 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Now this looks like a job for me 
 So everybody, just follow me 
 ‘Cause we need a little controversy 
 ‘Cause it feels so empty without me 
 I said this looks like a job for me 
 So everybody, just follow me 
 ‘Cause we need a little controversy 
 ‘Cause it feels so empty without me 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 A tisk-it a task-it, I'll go tit for tat with 
 Anybody who's talking "this shit, that shit" 
 Chris Kirkpatrick, you can get your ass kicked 
 Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards 
 And Moby? You can get stomped by Obie 
 You 36-year-old baldheaded fag, blow me 
 You don't know me, you're too old, let go 
 It's over, nobody listens to techno 
 Now let's go, just give me the signal 
 I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults 
 I've been dope, suspenseful with a pencil 
 Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol 
 But sometimes the shit just seems 
 Everybody only wants to discuss me 
 So this must mean I'm disgusting 
 But it's just me, I'm just obscene 
 Though I'm not the first king of controversy 
 I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley 
 To do black music so selfishly 
 And use it to get myself wealthy (Hey!) 
 There's a concept that works 
 Twenty million other white rappers emerge 
 But no matter how many fish in the sea 
 It'd be so empty without me 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Now this looks like a job for me 
 So everybody, just follow me 
 ‘Cause we need a little controversy 
 ‘Cause it feels so empty without me 
 I said this looks like a job for me 
 So everybody, just follow me 
 ‘Cause we need a little controversy 
 ‘Cause it feels so empty without me 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 Hum dei dei la la, la la la la la 
 La la la la la, la la la la 
 Hum dei dei la la, la la la la la 
 La la la la la, la la la la 
 Kids!Part 1: Produced by S1 and M-Phazes 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 It's like I'm in this dirt, digging up old hurt 
 Tried everything to get my mind off you, it won't work 
 All it takes is one song on the radio, you're 
 Right back on it, reminding me all over again 
 How you fucking just brushed me off and left me so burnt 
 Spent a lot of time tryin' to soul search 
 Maybe I needed to grow up a little first 
 Well, looks like I hit a growth spurt 
 But I'm coming for closure 
 Don't suppose an explanation I'm owed, for 
 The way that you turned your back on me 
 Just when I may have needed you most 
 Oh, you thought it was over? You could just close the 
 Chapter and go about your life like it was nothing? 
 You ruined mine, but you seem to be doin' fine 
 Well, I've never recovered 
 But tonight I bet you that what you're 
 'Bout to go through's tougher than anything I ever have suffered 
 Can't think of a better way to define poetic justice 
 Can I hold grudges? Mind saying, "Let it go, fuck this." 
 Heart's saying, "I will, once I bury this bitch alive 
 Hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset." 
  
 [Chorus: Sarah Jaffe] 
 I flee the scene like it was my last ride 
 You see right through 
 Oh, you had me pegged the first time 
 You can see the truth, but it's easier to justify 
 What's bad is good and I hate to be the bad guy 
 I just hate to be the bad guy 
 (Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un) 
 I just hate to be the bad guy 
 (Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un) 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 And to think I used to think you was the shit, bitch 
 To think it was you at one time I worshipped, shit 
 Think you can hurt people and just keep getting away with it? 
 Not this time, you better go and get the sewing kit, bitch! 
 Finish this stitch, so you can reap what you sew, nitwit 
 Thought some time would pass and I'd forget it? Forget it! 
 You left our family in shambles 
 And you expect me to just get over him, pretend he never existed? 
 May be gone but he's not forgotten 
 And don't think ‘cause he's been out the pictures 
 So long that I've stopped the plottin' and still ain't comin' to get ya 
 You're wrong and that shit was rotten 
 And the way you played him, same shit you did to me, cold 
 Have you any idea the shit that I've gone through? 
 Feelings I harbor? All this pent-up resentment I hold on to? 
 Not once you call to ask me how I'm doin' 
 Letters, you don't respond to 'em 
 Fuck it, I'm coming to see you 
 And, gee, who better to talk to than you? 
 The cause of my problems 
 My life is garbage, and I'm 'bout to take it out on you 
 Poof, then I'm gone, voosh 
  
 [Chorus: Sarah Jaffe] 
 I flee the scene like it was my last ride 
 You see right through 
 Oh, you had me pegged the first time 
 You can see the truth, but it's easier to justify 
 What's bad is good and I hate to be the bad guy 
 I just hate to be the bad guy 
 (Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un) 
 I just hate to be the bad guy 
 (Follow me, I ruh-uh-un; follow me, I ruh-uh-un) 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I've been drivin' around your side of this town 
 Like 9 frickin' hours and 45 minutes now 
 Finally I found your new address, park in your drive 
 Feel like I've been waiting on this moment all of my life 
 And it's now arrived, and my mouth is full of saliva 
 My knife is out and I'm ducking on the side of your house 
 See, it's sad it came to this point 
 Such a disappointment I had to make this appointment 
 To come and see ya, but I ain't here for your empathy 
 I don't need your apology or your friendship or sympathy 
 It's revenge that I seek 
 So I sneak vengefully, and treat your bedroom window 
 Like I reached my full potential: I peeked 
 Continue to peep, still bent low, then keep 
 Tapping the glass lightly then start to crescendo, sneak 
 All the way 'round to the back porch 
 Man, door handles unlocked, shouldn't be that easy to do this 
 You don't plan for intruders beforehand? 
 Surprised to see me? Cat caught your tongue? 
 Gag, chloroform rag, dag, almost hack-up a lung 
 Like you picked an axe up and swung, stick to the core plan 
 Dragged to the back of a trunk by one of your fans 
 Irony's spectacular, huh? Now who's a faggot, you punk? 
 And here's your Bronco hat 
 You can have that shit back ‘cause they suck 
 It's just me, you and the music now, Slim, I hope you hear it 
 We're in the car right now – wait, here comes my favorite lyric 
 "I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die" 
 And hey, here's a sequel to my 
 Mathers LP just to try to get people to buy 
 How's this for a publicity stunt? This should be fun! 
 Last album now, ‘cause after this you'll be officially done 
 Eminem killed by M and M, Matthew Mitchell 
 Bitch, I even have your initials 
 I initially was gonna bury you next to my brother, but fuck it 
 Since you're in love with your city so much, I figured, what the fuck 
 The best place you could be buried alive is right here 
 Two more exits, time is quite near 
 Hope we don't get stopped, no license I fear 
 That sirens I hear? Guess 90 on the freeway wasn't the brightest idea, as cops appear in my driver's side mirror 
 (Oh, God! Police! Aaaghh!) 
 Hope Foxtrot gets an aerial shot of your burial plot, at least 
 New plan, Stan! 
 Slim: "Chauvinist pig drove in this big Lincoln Town Car" 
 Well, gotta go, almost at the bridge 
 Ha ha, big bro, it's for you; Slim, this is for him 
 And Frank Ocean; oh, hope you can swim good 
 Now say you hate homos again! 
  
 Part 2: Produced by StreetRunner 
  
 [Verse 4] 
 I also represent 
 Anyone on the receiving end of those jokes you offend 
 I'm the nightmare you fell asleep and then woke up still in 
 I'm your karma closing in with each stroke of a pen 
 Perfect time to have some remorse to show for your sin 
 Nope, it's hopeless, I'm the denial that you're hopelessly in 
 When they say all of this is approachin' its end 
 But you refuse to believe that it's over, here we go all over again 
 Back's to the wall, I'm stacking up all them odds 
 Toilets clogged, yeah, ‘cause I'm talking a lot of 
 Shit but I'm backing it all up 
 But in my head there's a voice in the back and it hollers 
 After the track is demolished, I am your lack of a conscience 
 I'm the ringing in your ears 
 I'm the polyps on the back of your tonsils 
 Eatin' your vocal chords after your concerts 
 I'm your time that's almost up that you haven't acknowledged 
 Grab for some water 
 But I'm that pill that's too jagged to swallow 
 I'm the bullies you hate that you became 
 With every faggot you slaughtered 
 Coming back on you, every woman you insult 
 Batter, but the double-standards you have 
 When it comes to your daughters 
 I represent everything you take for granted 
 ‘Cause Marshall Mathers, the rapper's persona 
 Is half a facade, and Matthew and Stan's just symbolic 
 Of you not knowing what you had 'til it's gone 
 ‘Cause after all the glitz and the glam 
 No more fans that are calling your name 
 Cameras are off, sad, but it happens to all of them 
 I'm the hindsight to say, “I told you so!” 
 Foreshadows of all the things that are to follow 
 I'm the future that's here to show you what happens tomorrow 
 If you don't stop after they call ya 
 Biggest laughing stock of rap who can't call it quits 
 When it's time to walk away, I'm every guilt trip 
 The baggage you have, but as you gather up all your possessions 
 If there's anything you have left to say 
 'Less it makes an impact, then don't bother 
 So 'fore you rest your case 
 Better make sure you're packin' a wallop 
 So, one last time, I'm back 
 Before it fades into black and it's all over 
 Behold the final chapter in a saga 
 Tryin' to recapture that lightning trapped in a bottle 
 Twice, the magic that started 
 It all, tragic portrait of an artist 
 Tortured, trapped in his own drawings 
 Tap into thoughts blacker and darker 
 Than anything imaginable; here goes a wild stab in the dark 
 As we pick up where the last Mathers left off[Intro] 
 May I have your attention, please? 
 May I have your attention, please? 
 Will the real Slim Shady please stand up? 
 I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up? 
 We're gonna have a problem here... 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Y'all act like you never seen a white person before 
 Jaws all on the floor like Pam like Tommy just burst in the door 
 And started whoopin' her ass worse than before 
 They first were divorced, throwin' her over furniture (Agh!) 
 It's the return of the "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding 
 He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?" 
 And Dr. Dre said… nothing, you idiots! 
 Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement (ha ha!) 
 Feminist women love Eminem 
 "Chicka, chicka, chicka, Slim Shady, I'm sick of him 
 Look at him, walkin' around, grabbin' his you-know-what 
 Flippin' the you-know-who," "Yeah, but he's so cute though." 
 Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose 
 But no worse than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms 
 Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose 
 But can't, but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose 
 "My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips" 
 And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss 
 And that's the message that we deliver to little kids 
 And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is 
 Of course, they're gonna know what intercourse is 
 By the time they hit fourth grade 
 They've got the Discovery Channel, don't they? 
 We ain't nothin' but mammals—well, some of us, cannibals 
 Who cut other people open like cantaloupes 
 But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes 
 Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope 
 But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote 
 Women, wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus, and it goes— 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
 'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records (Nope) 
 Well, I do, so fuck him and fuck you too! 
 You think I give a damn about a Grammy? 
 Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me 
 "But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?" 
 Why, so you guys could just lie to get me here? 
 So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears? 
 Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs 
 So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst 
 And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first 
 Little bitch put me on blast on MTV 
 "Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee." 
 I should download her audio in MP3 
 And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD (Agh!) 
 I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups 
 All you do is annoy me, so I have been sent here to destroy you 
 And there's a million of us just like me 
 Who cuss like me, who just don't give a fuck like me 
 Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me 
 And just might be the next best thing, but not quite me 
  
 [Chorus] 
 'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
 'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I'm like a head trip to listen to, ‘cause I'm only givin' you 
 Things you joke about with your friends inside your livin' room 
 The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of y'all 
 And I don't gotta be false or sugarcoat it at all 
 I just get on the mic and spit it 
 And whether you like to admit it, I just shit it 
 Better than 90% of you rappers out can 
 Then you wonder: "How can 
 Kids eat up these albums like Valiums?" 
 It's funny, ‘cause at the rate, I'm going, when I'm 30 
 I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting 
 Pinching nurse's asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens 
 And I'm jerking, but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working 
 And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking 
 He could be working at Burger King, spittin' on your onion rings 
 Or in the parking lot, circling, screaming, "I don't give a fuck!" 
 With his windows down and his system up 
 So will the real Shady please stand up 
 And put one of those fingers on each hand up? 
 And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control 
 And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go? 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
 'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
 'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
 'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
  
 [Outro] 
 Ha ha, I guess there’s a Slim Shady in all of us 
 Fuck it, let’s all stand up! 
  
 [Produced by Dr. Dre & Mel-Man][Intro: Eminem] 
 'Cause sometimes you just feel tired, feel weak 
 (Your left, your left, your left, right, left) 
 And when you feel weak (Your left) 
 You feel like you wanna just give up (Your left, your left) 
 But you gotta search within you (Right, left) 
 Try to find that inner strength (Your left, your left) 
 And just pull that shit out of you (Your left) 
 And get that motivation to not give up (Right, left, your left) 
 And not be a quitter, no matter how bad you wanna just fall 
 (Your left, your left, right, left) 
 Flat on your face and collapse 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 'Til I collapse I'm spillin' these raps long as you feel 'em 
 'Til the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killin' 'em 
 ‘Cause when I am not, then I'ma stop pennin' 'em 
 And I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem 
 Subliminal thoughts, when I'ma stop sendin' 'em? 
 Women are caught in webs, spin 'em and hock venom 
 Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illin' to stop 
 Amoxicillin's just not real enough 
 The criminal, cop-killin', hip-hop villain 
 A minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners 
 You're comin' with me, feel it or not 
 You're gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of God lives in us 
 You hear it a lot, lyrics to shock 
 Is it a miracle or am I just product of pop fizzin' up? 
 Fo' shizzle, my wizzle, this is the plot, listen up 
 You bizzles forgot, Slizzle does not give a fuck 
  
 [Chorus: Nate Dogg] 
 'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out 
 'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth 
 'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps 
 I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse 
 (Until the roof) 'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out 
 (The roof comes off) 'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth 
 (Until my legs) 'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps 
 (Give out from underneath me) I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Music is like magic, there's a certain feelin' you get 
 When you real and you spit, and people are feelin' your shit 
 This is your moment, and every single minute you spend 
 Tryna hold on to it 'cause you may never get it again 
 So while you're in it, try to get as much shit as you can 
 And when your run is over, just admit when it's at its end 
 'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half the shit that gets in 
 I got a list, here's the order of my list that it's in 
 It goes Reggie, Jay-Z, 2Pac and Biggie 
 André from OutKast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas, and then me 
 But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy 
 So when I'm not put on this list, the shit does not offend me 
 That's why you see me walk around like nothing's botherin' me 
 Even though half you people got a fuckin' problem with me 
 You hate it, but you know respect you got to give me 
 The press's wet dream, like Bobby and Whitney — Nate, hit me! 
  
 [Chorus: Nate Dogg] 
 'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out 
 'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth 
 'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps 
 I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse 
 (Until the roof) 'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out 
 (The roof comes off) 'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth 
 (Until my legs) 'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps 
 (Give out from underneath me) I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Soon as a verse starts, I eat at an MC's heart 
 What is he thinking? How not to go against me, smart 
 And it's absurd how people hang on every word 
 I'll prob'ly never get the props I feel I ever deserve 
 But I'll never be served, my spot is forever reserved 
 If I ever leave Earth, that would be the death of me first 
 ‘Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothin' could ever be worse 
 That's why I'm clever when I put together every verse 
 My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I'm an addict 
 I rap like I'm addicted to smack like I'm Kim Mathers 
 But I don't wanna go forth and back in constant battles 
 The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers 
 So this is like a full-blown attack I'm launchin' at 'em 
 The track is on some battlin' raps, who wants some static? 
 ‘Cause I don't really think that the fact that I'm Slim matters 
 A plaque and platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest, so 
  
 [Chorus: Nate Dogg] 
 'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out 
 'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth 
 'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps 
 I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse 
 (Until the roof) 'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out 
 (The roof comes off) 'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth 
 (Until my legs) 'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps 
 (Give out from underneath me) I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse 
  
 [Outro: Eminem & Nate Dogg] 
 Until the roof (until the roof) 
 The roof comes off (the roof comes off) 
 Until my legs (until my legs) 
 Give out from (underneath me) 
 I will not fall, I will stand tall 
 Feels like no one can beat me[B-Rabbit (Eminem)] 
 Now, everybody from the three-one-three 
 Put your motherfucking hands up and follow me! 
 Everybody from the three-one-three 
 Put your motherfucking hands up! Look, look... 
 Now, while he stands tough 
 Notice that this man did not have his hands up 
 This Free World's got you gassed up 
 Now, who's afraid of the Big Bad Wolf? 
 One, two, three, and to the four 
 One Pac, two Pac, three Pac, four 
 Four Pac, three Pac, two Pac, one 
 You're Pac, he's Pac, no Pac, none 
 This guy ain't no motherfucking MC 
 I know everything he's 'bout to say against me 
 I am white, I am a fucking bum 
 I do live in a trailer with my mom 
 My boy Future is an Uncle Tom 
 I do got a dumb friend named Cheddar Bob 
 Who shoots himself in his leg with his own gun 
 I did get jumped by all six of you chumps 
 And Wink did fuck my girl 
 I'm still standing here screaming, "Fuck the Free World!" 
 Don't ever try to judge me, dude 
 You don't know what the fuck I've been through 
 But I know something about you 
 You went to Cranbrook, that's a private school 
 What's the matter, dawg, you embarrassed? 
 This guy's a gangster? His real name's Clarence 
 And Clarence lives at home with both parents 
 And Clarence parents have a real good marriage 
 This guy don't wanna battle, he's shook 
 'Cause ain't no such things as halfway crooks 
 He's scared to death, he's scared to look 
 At his fucking yearbook; fuck Cranbrook! 
 Fuck a beat, I'll go a cappella 
 Fuck a Papa Doc, fuck a clock, fuck a trailer 
 Fuck everybody! Fuck y'all if you doubt me! 
 I'm a piece of fucking white trash, I say it proudly 
 And fuck this battle, I don't wanna win, I'm outtie 
 Here, tell these people something they don't know about me 
  
 [Papa Doc] 
 Yo...[Chorus: Rihanna] 
 Just gonna stand there and watch me burn? 
 Well, that's all right because I like the way it hurts 
 Just gonna stand there and hear me cry? 
 Well, that's all right because I love the way you lie 
 I love the way you lie 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I can't tell you what it really is, I can only tell you what it feels like 
 And right now, it's a steel knife in my windpipe 
 I can't breathe, but I still fight while I can fight 
 As long as the wrong feels right, it's like I'm in flight 
 High off her love, drunk from her hate 
 It's like I'm huffin' paint and I love her, the more I suffer, I suffocate 
 And right before I'm about to drown, she resuscitates me 
 She fuckin' hates me, and I love it; "Wait! Where you going?" 
 "I'm leaving you”, "No, you ain't, come back!" 
 We're runnin' right back, here we go again 
 It's so insane, 'cause when it's goin' good, it's goin' great 
 I'm Superman with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane 
 But when it's bad, it's awful, I feel so ashamed 
 I snap, "Who's that dude?", I don't even know his name 
 I laid hands on her, I'll never stoop so low again 
 I guess I don't know my own strength 
  
 [Chorus: Rihanna] 
 Just gonna stand there and watch me burn? 
 Well, that's all right because I like the way it hurts 
 Just gonna stand there and hear me cry? 
 Well, that's all right because I love the way you lie 
 I love the way you lie 
 I love the way you lie 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 You ever love somebody so much 
 You can barely breathe when you're with 'em? 
 You meet, and neither one of you even know what hit 'em 
 Got that warm fuzzy feelin', yeah, them chills, used to get 'em 
 Now you're gettin' fuckin' sick of lookin' at 'em? 
 You swore you'd never hit 'em, never do nothin' to hurt 'em 
 Now you're in each other's face 
 Spewin' venom in your words when you spit 'em 
 You push, pull each other's hair, scratch, claw, bit 'em 
 Throw 'em down, pin 'em 
 So lost in the moments when you're in 'em 
 It's the rage that's the culprit , it controls you both 
 So they say it's best to go your separate ways 
 Guess that they don't know ya 
 'Cause today, that was yesterday, yesterday is over 
 It's a different day, sound like broken records playin' over 
 But you promised her, next time you'd show restraint 
 You don't get another chance, life is no Nintendo game 
 But you lied again 
 Now you get to watch her leave out the window 
 Guess that's why they call it window pane 
  
 [Chorus: Rihanna] 
 Just gonna stand there and watch me burn? 
 Well, that's all right because I like the way it hurts 
 Just gonna stand there and hear me cry? 
 Well, that's all right because I love the way you lie 
 I love the way you lie 
 I love the way you lie 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Now, I know we said things, did things that we didn't mean 
 And we fall back into the same patterns, same routines 
 But your temper's just as bad as mine is 
 You're the same as me when it comes to love 
 You're just as blinded, baby, please 
 Come back, it wasn't you, baby, it was me 
 Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems 
 Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano 
 All I know is I love you too much to walk away though 
 Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk 
 Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk? 
 Told you this is my fault, look me in the eyeball 
 Next time I'm pissed, I'll aim my fist at the drywall 
 Next time? There won't be no next time! 
 I apologize, even though I know it's lies 
 I'm tired of the games, I just want her back 
 I know I'm a liar, if she ever tries to fuckin' leave again 
 I'ma tie her to the bed and set this house on fire, I'm just gonna 
  
 [Chorus: Rihanna] 
 Just gonna stand there and watch me burn? 
 Well, that's all right because I like the way it hurts 
 Just gonna stand there and hear me cry? 
 Well, that's all right because I love the way you lie 
 I love the way you lie 
 I love the way you lie[Intro] 
 Yeah, I know sometimes things may not always make sense to you right now. But hey, what'd Daddy always tell you? Straighten up, little soldier, stiffen up that upper lip! What you cryin' about? You got me 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Hailie, I know you miss your mom, and I know you miss your dad 
 When I'm gone, but I'm tryin' to give you the life that I never had 
 I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh 
 I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you wanna cry 
 'Cause you're scared, I ain't there 
 Daddy's with you in your prayers 
 No more cryin', wipe them tears 
 Daddy's here, no more nightmares 
 We gon' pull together through it 
 We gon' do it, Lainie—Uncle's crazy, ain't he? 
 Yeah, but he loves you, girl, and you better know it 
 We're all we got in this world, when it spins, when it swirls 
 When it whirls, when it twirls, two little beautiful girls 
 Lookin' puzzled, in a daze, I know it's confusin' you 
 Daddy's always on the move, Momma's always on the news 
 I try to keep you sheltered from it, but somehow it seems 
 The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me 
 All the things growin' up as Daddy that he had to see 
 Daddy don't want you to see, but you see just as much as he did 
 We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me 
 But things have got so bad between us, I don't see us ever bein' 
 Together ever again, like we used to be when we was teenagers 
 But then, of course, everything always happens for a reason 
 I guess it was never meant to be, but it's just something 
 We have no control over, and that's what destiny is 
 But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep 
 Maybe one day we'll wake up and this'll all just be a dream 
  
 [Hook] 
 Now hush, little baby, don't you cry 
 Everything's gonna be alright 
 Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya 
 Daddy's here to hold ya through the night 
 I know Mommy's not here right now, and we don't know why 
 We feel how we feel inside 
 It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby 
 But I promise, Momma's gon' be alright (heh) 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 It's funny, I remember back one year when Daddy had no money 
 Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up and stuck 'em under the tree 
 And said some of 'em were from me 'cause Daddy couldn't buy 'em 
 I'll never forget that Christmas, I sat up the whole night cryin' 
 'Cause Daddy felt like a bum—see, Daddy had a job 
 But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and Mom 
 And at the time, every house that we lived in 
 Either kept gettin' broken into and robbed or shot up on the block 
 And your mom was savin' money for you in a jar 
 Tryin' to start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college 
 Almost had a thousand dollars, 'til someone broke in and stole it 
 And I know it hurt so bad it broke your momma's heart 
 And it seemed like everything was just startin' to fall apart 
 Mom and Dad was arguin' a lot, so Momma moved back 
 On to Chalmers in the flat, one bedroom apartment 
 And Dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara 
 And that's when Daddy went to California with his CD 
 And met Dr. Dre and flew you and Momma out to see me 
 But Daddy had to work, you and Momma had to leave me 
 Then you started seein' Daddy on the TV, and Momma didn't like it 
 And you and Lainie were too young to understand it 
 Papa was a rolling stone, Momma developed a habit 
 And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it 
 I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand 
 'Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud 
 Now I'm sittin' in this empty house 
 Just reminiscin', lookin' at your baby pictures, it just trips me out 
 To see how much you both have grown, it's almost like you're sisters now 
 Wow, guess you pretty much are, and Daddy's still here 
 Lainie, I'm talkin' to you too, Daddy's still here 
 I like the sound of that, yeah, it's got a ring to it, don't it? 
 Sshh! Momma's only gone for the moment 
  
 [Hook] 
 Now hush, little baby, don't you cry 
 Everything's gonna be alright 
 Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya 
 Daddy's here to hold ya through the night 
 I know Mommy's not here right now, and we don't know why 
 We feel how we feel inside 
 It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby 
 But I promise, Momma's gon' be alright 
  
 [Hook 2] 
 And if you ask me to, Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird 
 I'ma give you the world 
 I'ma buy a diamond ring for you, I'ma sing for you 
 I'll do anything for you to see you smile 
 And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine 
 I'ma break that birdie's neck 
 I'll go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya 
 And make him eat every carat, don't fuck with Dad! (Ha-ha!)[Hook: Liz Rodrigues] 
 This is survival of the fittest 
 This is do or die 
 This is the winner takes it all 
 So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Wasn't ready to be no millionaire, I was ill-prepared 
 I was prepared to be ill though, the skill was there 
 From the beginning it wasn't 'bout the ends 
 It was 'bout bustin' raps 
 And standin' for somethin': fuckin' acronym 
 Cut the fuckin' act like you're happy, I'm fuckin' back again 
 With another anthem – why stop when it doesn't have to end? 
 It ain't over 'til I say it's over, enough when I say enough 
 Throw me to them wolves and close the gate up 
 I'm afraid of what will happen to them wolves 
 When the thought of being thrown 
 Into an alligator pit, I salivate at it, wait is up 
 Hands up like it's 12 noon 
 Nah, homie, hold them bitches straighter up 
 Wave 'em 'til you dislocate a rotator cuff 
 Came up rough, came to ruffle feathers 
 Nah, egos, I ain't deflate enough 
 Last chance to make this whole stadium erupt, ‘cause— 
  
 [Hook: Liz Rodrigues] 
 This is survival of the fittest 
 This is do or die 
 This is the winner takes it all 
 So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I can see the finish line with each line that I finish 
 I'm so close to my goals, I can almost pole vault over the goal post 
 And if I don't got enough in the tank 
 Maybe I can just siphon enough 
 To fill up this last can, man, will I survive in this climate or what? 
 They said I was washed-up and got a bloodbath 
 I'm not a rapper, I'm an adapter: I can adjust 
 Plus, I can just walk up to a mic and just bust 
 So, floor's open if you'd like to discuss 
 Top 5 in this muh'fucka, and if I don't make the cut 
 What? Like I give a fuck! 
 But I light this bitch up like I'm driving a truck 
 Through the side of a pump, 0 to 60, hop in and gun it 
 Like G-Unit without the hyphen, I'm hyping 'em up 
 And if there should ever come a time where my life's in a rut 
 And I look like I might just give up, eh, might've mistook 
 Me for bowin' out, I ain't takin' a bow 
 I'm stabbin' myself with a fuckin' knife in the gut 
 While I'm wipin' my butt 
 ‘Cause I just shitted on the mic and I like gettin' cut 
 I get excited at the sight of my blood 
 You're in a fight with a nut 
 ‘Cause I'ma fight 'til I die or win, bitin' the dust 
 It'll just make me angrier; wait, let me remind you of what 
 Got me this far, picture me quittin' 
 Now draw a circle around it and put a line through it, slut! 
 It's survival of what? 
  
 [Hook: Liz Rodrigues] 
 This is survival of the fittest 
 This is do or die 
 This is the winner takes it all 
 So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all 
 So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 So, get your ideas, stack your ammo 
 But don't come unless you come to battle 
 Now mount up, jump in the saddle 
 This is it—it's what you eat, sleep, piss and shit 
 Live, breathe, your whole existence just consists of this 
 Refuse to quit, fuse is lit, can't defuse the wick 
 If I don't do this music shit, I'll lose my shit 
 Ain't got shit to lose, it's the moment of truth 
 It's all I know how to do: as soon as I get thrown in a booth, I spit 
 But my respect is overdue 
 I'm showin' you the flow no one do 
 ‘Cause I don't own no diploma for school, I quit 
 So there's nothin' for me to fall back on, I know no other trade 
 So you better trade your fuckin' mics in for some tool-box-es 
 ‘Cause you'll never take my pride from me 
 It'll have to be pried from me 
 So, pull out your pliers and your screwdrivers! 
 But I want you to doubt me, I don't want you to buh-lieve 
 ‘Cause this is somethin' that I must use to succeed 
 And if you don't like me, then fuck you! Self-esteem 
 Must be fuckin' shootin' through the roof, ‘cause trust me 
 My skin is too thick and bulletproof to touch me 
 I can see why the fuck I disgust you, I must be 
 Allergic to failure, ‘cause everytime I come close to it 
 I just sneeze, but I just go achoo then a-chieve! 
  
 [Hook: Liz Rodrigues] 
 This is survival of the fittest 
 This is do or die 
 This is the winner takes it all 
 So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all 
 So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all[Produced by Emile Haynie & Jeff Bhasker] 
  
 [Intro: Nate Ruess] 
 Mom, I know I let you down 
 And though you say the days are happy 
 Why is the power off and I'm fucked up? 
 And, Mom, I know he's not around 
 But don't you place the blame on me 
 As you pour yourself another drink, yeah 
  
 [Chorus: Nate Ruess] 
 I guess we are who we are 
 Headlights shining in the dark night, I drive on 
 Maybe we took this too far 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I went in headfirst, never thinkin' about who what I said hurt 
 In what verse, my mom probably got it the worst 
 The brunt of it, but as stubborn as we are, did I take it too far? 
 "Cleanin' Out My Closet" and all them other songs 
 But regardless, I don't hate you ‘cause, Ma 
 You're still beautiful to me, ‘cause you're my mom 
 Though far be it from you to be calm 
 Our house was Vietnam, Desert Storm 
 And both of us put together could form an atomic bomb 
 Equivalent to chemical warfare 
 And forever we could drag this on and on 
 But agree to disagree, that gift for me 
 Up under the Christmas tree don't mean shit to me 
 You're kickin' me out? It's 15 degrees 
 And it's Christmas Eve, "Little prick, just leave!" 
 Ma, let me grab my fucking coat! 
 Anything to have each other's goats 
 Why we always at each other's throats? 
 Especially when Dad, he fucked us both 
 We're in the same fuckin' boat 
 You'd think that'd make us close (nope) 
 Further away it drove us, but together, headlights shine 
 And a car full of belongings, still got a ways to go 
 Back to grandma's house, it's straight up the road 
 And I was the man of the house, the oldest 
 So my shoulders carried the weight of the load 
 Then Nate got taken away by the state at eight years old 
 And that's when I realized you were sick 
 And it wasn't fixable or changeable 
 And to this day we remain estranged, and I hate it though, but— 
  
 [Chorus: Nate Ruess] 
 I guess we are who we are 
 Headlights shining in the dark night, I drive on 
 Maybe we took this too far 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 ‘Cause to this day we remain estranged, and I hate it though 
 ‘Cause you ain't even get to witness your grandbabies grow 
 But I'm sorry, Momma, for "Cleanin' Out My Closet" 
 At the time I was angry, rightfully? Maybe so 
 Never meant that far to take it though 
 ‘Cause now I know it's not your fault, and I'm not makin' jokes 
 That song I no longer play at shows 
 And I cringe every time it's on the radio 
 And I think of Nathan being placed in a home 
 And all the medicine you fed us and 
 How I just wanted you to taste your own 
 But now the medication's takin' over 
 And your mental state's deterioratin' slow 
 And I'm way too old to cry, the shit is painful though 
 But, Ma, I forgive you, so does Nathan, yo 
 All you did, all you said, you did your best to raise us both 
 Foster care, that cross you bear, few may be as heavy as yours 
 But I love you, Debbie Mathers 
 Oh, what a tangled web we have ‘cause 
 One thing I never asked was 
 Where the fuck my deadbeat dad was 
 Fuck it, I guess he had trouble keepin' up with every address 
 But I'da flipped every mattress, every rock and desert cactus 
 Owned a collection of maps 
 And followed my kids to the edge of the atlas 
 If someone ever moved 'em from me 
 That you coulda bet your asses 
 If I had to come down the chimney, dressed as Santa, kidnap 'em 
 And although one has only met their grandma once 
 You pulled up in our drive one night 
 As we were leavin' to get some hamburgers 
 Me, her and Nate, we introduced you, hugged you 
 And as you left I had this overwhelming sadness 
 Come over me as we pulled off to go our separate paths and 
 I saw your headlights as I looked back 
 And I'm mad I didn't get the chance to 
 Thank you for being my mom and my dad 
 So, Mom, please accept this as a 
 Tribute; I wrote this on the jet, I guess I had to 
 Get this off my chest, I hope I get the chance to 
 Lay it 'fore I'm dead, the stewardess said to fasten 
 My seatbelt, I guess we're crashin' 
 So, if I'm not dreamin', I hope you get this message that 
 I will always love you from afar, ‘cause you're my mom 
  
 [Chorus: Nate Ruess] 
 I guess we are who we are 
 Headlights shining in the dark night, I drive on 
 Maybe we took this too far 
  
 [Bridge: Nate Ruess] 
 I want a new life (start over) 
 One without a cause (clean slate) 
 So I'm coming home tonight (yeah) 
 Well, no matter what the cost 
 And if the plane goes down 
 Or if the crew can't wake me up 
 Well, just know that I'm alright 
 I was not afraid to die 
 Oh, even if there's songs to sing 
 Well, my children will carry me 
 Just know that I'm alright 
 I was not afraid to die 
 Because I put my faith in my little girls 
 So I'll never say goodbye cruel world 
 Just know that I'm alright 
 I am not afraid to die 
  
 [Chorus: Nate Ruess] 
 I guess we are who we are 
 Headlights shining in the dark night, I drive on 
 Maybe we took this too far 
 I want a new life[Intro: Haddaway, Eminem, & Lil Wayne] 
 Love, love 
 Love, love, love 
 [Mumbling chorus] 
 Don't hurt me 
 Don't hurt me no more 
 Young Money, yeah 
 No more 
 Love 
  
 [Verse 1: Lil Wayne & Haddaway] 
 Throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower 
 But it's "Fuck the world," get a child out her 
 Yeah, my life a bitch, but you know nothing 'bout her 
 Been to hell and back, I can show you vouchers (no love) 
 I'm rollin' Sweets, I'm smokin' sour 
 Married to the game, but she broke her vows 
 That's why my bars are full of broken bottles 
 And my nightstands are full of open Bibles 
 Uh, I think about more than I forget 
 But I don't go around fire expectin' not to sweat 
 And these niggas know I lay 'em down, make your bed 
 Bitches try to kick me while I'm down, I'll break your leg 
 Money outweighin' problems on a triple beam 
 I'm stickin' to the script, you niggas skippin' scenes 
 Uh, be good or be good at it 
 Fuckin' right, I got my gun, semi-Cartermatic 
 Yeah, put a dick in they mouth, so I guess it's fuck what they say 
 I'm high as a bitch, up, up and away 
 Man, I'll come down in a couple of days 
 Okay, you want me up in the cage? 
 Then I'll come out in beast mode 
 I got this world stuck in the safe, combination is the G code 
 It's Weezy, motherfucker, Blood gang, and I'm in bleed mode 
 All about my dough, but I don't even check the peephole 
 So you can keep knockin', but won't knock me down 
 No love lost, no love found 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem, Lil Wayne, Both, & (Haddaway)] 
 It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (yeah) 
 You kicked me when I was down 
 But what you say just don't (hurt me) 
 That's right, it don't (hurt me) 
 And I don't need you (no more) 
 Don't wanna see you (no more) 
 Ha, bitch, you get no (love) 
 You showed me nothing but hate (haha!) 
 You ran me into the ground 
 But what comes around goes around (yeah) 
 And I don't need you (don't hurt me) 
 That's right, you don't (hurt me) 
 And I don't need you (no more) 
 Don't wanna see you 
 Ha, bitch, you get (no love) 
 No! (No love) No! (No love) No! (No love) 
 Ha, bitch, you get (no love) 
 No! (No love) No! (No love) 
 And I don't need you (no more) 
 Get 'em! 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem, Lil Wayne, & Both] 
 I'm alive again, more alive than I have been 
 In my whole entire life, I can (yeah) 
 See these people's ears perk up as I begin to spaz with the pen 
 Uh, I'm a little bit sicker than most 
 Shit's finna get thick again, they say the competition is stiff 
 But I get a hard dick from this shit and I stick it in 
 I ain't never giving in again (yeah) 
 Caution to the wind, complete freedom 
 Look at these rappers, how I treat 'em 
 So why the fuck would I join 'em when I beat 'em? (yeah!) 
 They call me a freak, 'cause I like to 
 Spit on these pussies 'fore I eat 'em (haha) 
 Man, get these whack cocksuckers off stage! 
 Where the fuck is Kanye when you need him? (oh!) 
 Snatch the mic from 'em, bitch, I'ma let you finish in a minute 
 Yeah, that rap was tight, but I'm (yeah!) 
 'Bout to spit the greatest verse of all time 
 So you might want to go back to the lab tonight and, um (yeah!) 
 Scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit 
 And start over from scratch and write new ones 
 But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference 
 When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight 
 It's an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump 
 From the place all the way to the parking lot, fellow 
 Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd (yeah) 
 You can see the sparks from hot metal (yeah) 
 Cold-hearted, from the day I Bogarted 
 The game, my soul started to rot, fellow (yeah) 
 When I'm not even in my harshest 
 You can still get roasted, ‘cause Marsh is not mellow 
 'Til I'm topplin' from the top, I'm not gonna stop 
 I'm standin' on my Monopoly board (uh) 
 That means I'm on top of my game 
 And it don't stop 'til my hip don't hop anymore (shit) 
 When you're so good that you can't say it 
 ‘Cause it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore (shit) 
 People just get sick ‘cause you spit 
 These fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore (ow!) 
 And you can never break my stride (nope) 
 You'll never slow the momentum at any moment 
 I'm 'bout to blow, you'll never take my pride 
 Killin' the flow, slow venom 
 And the opponent is gettin' no mercy, mark my words 
 Ain't lettin' up, relentless, I smell blood 
 I don't give a fuck, keep givin' them hell 
 Where was you when I fell and needed help up? 
 You get no love 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem, Lil Wayne, Both, & (Haddaway)] 
 It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (uh) 
 You kicked me when I was down 
 But what you say just don't (hurt me) 
 Yeah, that's right, it don't (hurt me) 
 And I don't need you (no more) 
 Don't wanna see you (no more) 
 Ha, bitch, you get no (love) 
 You showed me nothing but hate (yeah!) 
 You ran me into the ground 
 But what comes around goes around 
 And I don't need you (don't hurt me) 
 That's right, you don't (hurt me) 
 And I don't need you (no more) 
 Don't wanna see you 
 Ha, bitch, you get (no love) 
 No! (No love) No! (No love) No! (No love) 
 Ha, bitch, you get (no love) 
 No! (No love) No! (No love) 
 And I don't need you (no more) 
 Ha, bitch, you get (no love)[Intro] 
 Lately I've been hard to reach 
 I've been too long on my own 
 Everybody has a private world 
 Where they can be alone 
 Are you calling me? 
 Are you trying to get through? 
 Are you reaching out for me 
 Then I'm reaching out for you 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I'm just so fuckin' depressed 
 I just can't seem to get out this slump 
 If I could just get over this hump 
 But I need somethin' to pull me out this dump 
 I took my bruises, took my lumps 
 Fell down and I got right back up 
 But I need that spark to get psyched back up 
 In order for me to pick the mic back up 
 I don't know how or why or when 
 I ended up in this position I'm in 
 I'm starting to feel distant again 
 So I decided just to pick this pen 
 Up and try to make an attempt to vent 
 But I just can't admit or come to grips with the fact 
 That I may be done with rap, I need a new outlet 
 And I know some shit's so hard to swallow 
 But I just can't sit back and wallow 
 In my own sorrow, but I know one fact: 
 I'll be one tough act to follow, one tough act to follow 
 I'll be one tough act to follow 
 Here today, gone tomorrow 
 But you'd have to walk a thousand miles— 
  
 [Chorus] 
 In my shoes, just to see what it's like to be me 
 I'll be you, let's trade shoes 
 Just to see what it'd be like to 
 Feel your pain, you feel mine 
 Go inside each other's minds 
 Just to see what we find 
 Look at shit through each other's eyes 
 But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful 
 They can all get fucked, just stay true to you 
 Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful 
 They can all get fucked, just stay true to you 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I think I'm starting to lose my sense of humor 
 Everything's so tense and gloom 
 I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature 
 Of the room, just as soon as 
 I walk in, it's like all eyes on me 
 So I try to avoid any eye contact 
 ‘Cause if I do that, then it opens a door 
 For conversation like I want that 
 I'm not lookin' for extra attention 
 I just wanna be just like you 
 Blend in with the rest of the room 
 Maybe just point me to the closest restroom 
 I don't need no fuckin' man-servant 
 Tryna follow me around and wipe my ass 
 Laugh at every single joke I crack 
 And half of 'em ain't even funny, like, "Ha! 
 Marshall, you're so funny, man 
 You should be a comedian, goddamn!" 
 Unfortunately I am 
 I just hide behind the tears of a clown 
 So why don't you all sit down? 
 Listen to the tale I'm about to tell 
 Hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes 
 And you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles— 
  
 [Chorus] 
 In my shoes, just to see what it's like to be me 
 I'll be you, let's trade shoes 
 Just to see what it'd be like to 
 Feel your pain, you feel mine 
 Go inside each other's minds 
 Just to see what we find 
 Look at shit through each other's eyes 
 But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful 
 They can all get fucked, just stay true to you 
 Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful 
 They can all get fucked, just stay true to you 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Nobody asked for life to deal us 
 With these bullshit hands we're dealt 
 We gotta take these cards ourselves 
 And flip 'em, don't expect no help 
 Now, I could've either just sat on my ass 
 And pissed and moaned 
 Or take this situation in which I'm placed in 
 And get up and get my own 
 I was never the type of kid 
 To wait by the door and pack his bags 
 And sat on the porch and hoped and prayed 
 For a dad to show up who never did 
 I just wanted to fit in in every single place 
 Every school I went, I dreamed of being that cool kid 
 Even if it meant acting stupid 
 Aunt Edna always told me: 
 "Keep making that face, it'll get stuck like that." 
 Meanwhile, I'm just standin' there 
 Holdin' my tongue, tryin' to talk like this 
 'Til I stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign pole 
 At eight years old; I learned my lesson then 
 ‘Cause I wasn't tryin' to impress my friends no mo' 
 But I already told you my whole life story 
 Not just based on my description 
 ‘Cause where you see it from where you're sittin' 
 It's probably 110% different 
 I guess we would have to walk a mile 
 In each other's shoes at least 
 What size you wear? I wear 10's 
 Let's see if you can fit your feet— 
  
 [Chorus] 
 In my shoes, just to see what it's like to be me 
 I'll be you, let's trade shoes 
 Just to see what it'd be like to 
 Feel your pain, you feel mine 
 Go inside each other's minds 
 Just to see what we find 
 Look at shit through each other's eyes 
 But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful 
 They can all get fucked, just stay true to you 
 Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful 
 They can all get fucked, just stay true to you 
  
 [Bridge] 
 Lately I've been hard to reach 
 I've been too long on my own 
 Everybody has a private world 
 Where they can be alone 
 Are you calling me? 
 Are you trying to get through? 
 Are you reaching out for me 
 Then I'm reaching out for you 
  
 [Outro] 
 Yeah, to my babies: stay strong 
 Daddy'll be home soon 
 And to the rest of the world 
 God gave you them shoes to fit you 
 So put 'em on and wear 'em 
 Be yourself, man, be proud of who you are 
 Even if it sounds corny 
 Never let no one tell you you ain't beautiful[Intro] 
 Motherfuckers talkin' crazy (Yeah) 
 Sayin’ I should quit (Ah) 
 I fuckin' tell 'em make me (Bitch) 
 Eat a fuckin’ dick (Yeah) 
 I'm feelin' like the greatest (Woo!) 
 On the beat who ever did it 
 Mike WiLL the one who made it 
 It's Shady on the lyrics 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I'm somewhat outlandish they say 
 You say we're cut from the same cloth 
 But I guess you fabricate, eh? 
 You better bring more men than the Latter Day Saints 
 Manic states, Stephen Paddock with automatic stay sprayin' 
 At anything that may stand in they way 
 As I stand at the bay window with a hand grenade 
 And a trey eight, at the Mandalay Bay 
 Common sense, I'm a dollar short and a day late 
 James Holmes at the Saturday Batman matinee 
 Must have missed my CAT scan that day (Yeah!) 
 I just threw a Tampax at Dre 
 Trashcan, Tascam and ashtray 
 I’m turnin’ back to a madman, can't take 
 Anymore but I try to get away from the anger and rage 
 My basal ganglia’s an A to the K 
 Get your ass sprayed like bidets 
 Breakin' your legs eight different ways, ankle to waist 
 You chumps don't even know how to do somethin' 
 To give goosebumps a day when you say 
 That somethin’ you wrote gave someone a lump in their throat 
 Or you had them choked up, you'd be yankin' my chain (Ayy) 
 Feelin' like I'm headed for the padded cell, the 
 Bar for me when I rap isn't fair but 
 Guess that's the standard I'm held to 
 But if somethin' like that doesn't tell ya 
 You set a mark too high when platinum sales are 
 Looked at as a failure (Yeah) 
 Then you better take it back to The Shelter and Hamburger Helper 
 'Cause damn it I'm still the 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world 
 No lie, I might be 
 The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it 
 I feel like the greatest 
 Woke up to honkies sounding like me 
 Never be as good, never be as good 
 Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, white 
 But I'm the greatest 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 So you sold 10 million albums, eh? (What?) 
 Only problem is, you put out 10 million albums, eh? (Haha) 
 Wait, what was I just about to say? 
 Oh yeah, let me get this out the way 
 I know there's people that are pissed about the way 
 I mispronounced a name, "DIE ANTWOORD!" 
 Fuck, I still can't say this shit, but how quickly they forget 
 Who the fuck I was now Ninja try to duck my slugs 
 You let ya girl get fucked by Muggs 
 I'd like to give a shout to Cypress (Woo!) 
 This can't be real, you dissed me and I was just tryin' to 
 Give you a shout—now get the fuck out my rhyme book! 
 No more shiners, already too much time tokin' rappers 
 I hear you talkin' shit, I'm just too big to respond to it 
 God forbid I forget, go and jump out the window 
 Somebody better child-proof it 
 'Cause if I lose it we can rewind to some old Ja Rule shit 
 And I can remind motherfuckers how I do shit 
 You don't got the tools I got in my toolkit (Bitch!) 
 I bullshit you not, y'all fools just forgot 
 That I'm so fuckin' awful with the thoughts 
 And when I'm hostile and impossible to stop 
 So you can call it a nostril 'cause it's-snot gonna ever 
 I'll never let up on the pedal, might as well get the mop 
 'Cause I'm wipin' up everyone in this genre 
 'Cause on the mic I feel like I'm the 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world 
 No lie, I might be 
 The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it 
 I feel like the greatest 
 Woke up to honkies sounding like me 
 Never be as good, never be as good 
 Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, white 
 But I'm the greatest 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Oh yeah, and one more thing I want to mention (What?) 
 Is you're one dimension 
 I'm a monkey wrench and I can flunk detention 
 I love contentions, so welcome to the gun convention 
 Muscles flexin', gotta strut like a front suspension 
 And you just stuck the key up in the ignition 
 And gave me enough gas to flood my engine (Yeah) 
 Psychopath, Michael's Jack's blowin' up like a raft 
 I should slap Vlad with a ISIS flag 
 Bet you I come back twice as bad (Uh) 
 Revival didn't go viral! 
 Denaun and Royce tell me that I should take the high road 
 Fuck that, I'm finna hit back 
 'Til I run out of gunpowder and split the scene 
 Hold the mic similar to pistol, squeeze 
 And I shoot from the hip when I grip them things 
 And my lips are the clips got the cig lit like it's nicotine 
 Trigger me and Slim gets mean (Prr!) 
 Bars are like bullets when I spit them schemes 
 That's why I call the motherfuckers M16s (woo!) 
 Float like a butterfly, I'm gonna sting like a bee 
 You ain't harmin' a thing 
 I hit a ding hard as I'm gonna swing 
 I'm gonna need to put my arm in a sling 
 But like a wedding band 
 You gotta be diamond to even climb in the ring 
 Anomaly, I'm Muhammad Ali 
 'Cause I knew one day I'm gonna be the 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Greatest in the world, greatest in the world, greatest in the world 
 No lie, I might be 
 The best to ever do it, the best to ever do it, the best to ever do it 
 I feel like the greatest 
 Woke up to honkies sounding like me 
 Never be as good, never be as good 
 Packing up wife-beaters, white t-shirts, white 
 But I'm the greatest[Chorus] 
 I’m not afraid (I’m not afraid) 
 To take a stand (To take a stand) 
 Everybody (Everybody) 
 Come take my hand (Come take my hand) 
 We’ll walk this road together, through the storm 
 Whatever weather, cold or warm 
 Just lettin' you know that you’re not alone 
 Holla if you feel like you’ve been down the same road 
  
 [Intro] 
 Yeah, it's been a ride 
 I guess I had to go to that place to get to this one 
 Now some of you might still be in that place 
 If you're tryna get out, just follow me 
 I'll get you there 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em 
 But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em 
 'Cause ain't no way I'ma let you stop me from causin' mayhem 
 When I say I'ma do somethin', I do it 
 I don't give a damn what you think, I'm doin' this for me 
 So fuck the world, feed it beans 
 It's gassed up if it thinks it's stoppin' me 
 I'ma be what I set out to be, without a doubt, undoubtably 
 And all those who look down on me 
 I'm tearin' down your balcony 
 No ifs, ands or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he 
 From Infinite down to the last Relapse album he's still shittin' 
 Whether he's on salary, paid hourly 
 Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him 
 Whichever comes first, for better or worse 
 He's married to the game 
 Like a "fuck you" for Christmas, his gift is a curse 
 Forget the Earth, he's got the urge to pull his dick from the dirt 
 And fuck the whole universe 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I’m not afraid (I’m not afraid) 
 To take a stand (To take a stand) 
 Everybody (Everybody) 
 Come take my hand (Come take my hand) 
 We’ll walk this road together, through the storm 
 Whatever weather, cold or warm 
 Just lettin' you know that you’re not alone 
 Holla if you feel like you’ve been down the same road 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Okay, quit playin' with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap 
 I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in a rhythm 
 For you to know it's a rap 
 You said you was king, you lied through your teeth 
 For that, fuck your feelings 
 Instead of gettin' crowned, you're gettin' capped 
 And to the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back 
 I promise to never go back on that promise 
 In fact, let's be honest, that last Relapse CD was "ehh" 
 Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground 
 Relax, I ain't goin' back to that now 
 All I'm tryin' to say is get back, click-clack-blaow 
 'Cause I ain't playin' around 
 There's a game called circle and I don't know how 
 I'm way too up to back down 
 But I think I'm still tryin' to figure this crap out 
 Thought I had it mapped out, but I guess I didn't 
 This fuckin' black cloud still follows me around 
 But it's time to exorcise these demons 
 These muh'fuckers are doin' jumpin' jacks now 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I’m not afraid (I’m not afraid) 
 To take a stand (To take a stand) 
 Everybody (Everybody) 
 Come take my hand (Come take my hand) 
 We’ll walk this road together, through the storm 
 Whatever weather, cold or warm 
 Just lettin' you know that you’re not alone 
 Holla if you feel like you’ve been down the same road 
  
 [Bridge] 
 And I just can’t keep livin' this way 
 So startin' today 
 I’m breakin' out of this cage 
 I’m standin' up, I'ma face my demons 
 I’m mannin' up, I'ma hold my ground 
 I’ve had enough, now I’m so fed up 
 Time to put my life back together right now 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me 
 Admittedly I probably did it subliminally for you 
 So I could come back a brand-new me 
 You helped see me through 
 And don't even realize what you did, believe me you 
 I've been through the wringer 
 But they can do little to the middle finger 
 I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of 
 My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers 
 And drop dead: no more beef lingers 
 No more drama from now on, I promise 
 To focus solely on handlin' my responsibilities as a father 
 So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof like my daughters 
 And raise it, you couldn't lift a single shingle on it 
 ‘Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club 
 Or the corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up 
 ‘Cause I'm raisin' the bar 
 I'd shoot for the moon, but I'm too busy gazin' at stars 
 I feel amazin', and I'm— 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I’m not afraid (I’m not afraid) 
 To take a stand (To take a stand) 
 Everybody (Everybody) 
 Come take my hand (Come take my hand) 
 We’ll walk this road together, through the storm 
 Whatever weather, cold or warm 
 Just lettin' you know that you’re not alone 
 Holla if you feel like you’ve been down the same road[Produced by Rick Rubin] 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Something's burnin', I can't figure out what (out what) 
 It's either lust or a cloud of dust 
 Judgement is clouded; must 
 Just be the powder from the power of (love) 
 But I'm in something I don't know how to get out of 
 Left my girl in the house alone 
 Is that my soon-to-be-spouse’s moan? 
 And the further I walk, the louder 
 Pause for a minute to make certain that's what I heard 
 ‘Cause after all, this is her place 
 So I give her the benefit of the doubt, I 
 Think I might be about to bust her, bust her 
 The thought's scary, yo, though and it hurts—brace! 
 Hope it ain't, "Here we go, yo!" 
 ‘Cause my head already goes to worst-case 
 Scenario, though in the first place 
 But you confirmed my low-end theory though 
 Should've known when I made it all the way to third base 
 And that was only the first date 
 Could've made it to home plate 
 But you slid straight for the dome and dove face first 
 "No, (*slurp*) you don't (*slurp*) under— (*slurp*) —stand, (*slurp*) 
 I (*slurp*) don't (*slurp*) do this for (*hic*) anyone, (*hic*) ever (*slurp*)." 
 Yeah, that ain't what they all say? 
 I'll say, you can suck a softball through a straw 
 Used to be my fiancé 
 'Til you sucked on Wayne, André, and Kanye 
 LeBron, Akon, Jay, Lil Jon, Raekwon, Ma$e 
 Polow da Don, Dre, Dante Ross, James Conway, Kwamé 
 Guess I'm gettin' my g-goddang Jigga on, eh? 
 ‘Cause your name, I'm beyond sayin' 
 But fuck it, I'm movin' on, you women are all cray 
 But I'll probably always keep on playin' the— 
  
 [Bridge: Wayne Fontana] 
 Game of love, love, love, love 
 La-la-la-la-la love 
  
 [Hook: Kendrick Lamar] 
 She doesn't love me, no, she don't love me no more 
 She hates my company, guess she don't love me no more 
 I tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door 
 She screamed she loved me like she never did before 
 And I told her, "Go where you wanna! 
 Go do whatcha wanna do, I don't care!" 
 And I told her, "Go where you wanna! 
 Go do whatcha wanna do, I don't care!" 
  
 [Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar] 
 I told that bitch, "I'm a sucker for love, you a sucker for dick." 
 Suckin' dick in your mama tub, then your granny walked in 
 Told the stupid nigga to duck under the water 
 He drowned, like an abortion 
 They booked you for manslaughter 
 You beat the case and I called ya 
 "Sherane is not available now, leave a message at the tone 
 And Kendrick, don't forget to buy two pair of those 
 Expensive heels, you little fuckin' Ferris wheel 
 Fuckin' spinnin' on me—fuck you think, we gon' get married still? 
 Fuckin' Mary had a little lamb, this ain't no fairy tale 
 Fairy godmama better tell you how I fuckin' feel 
 Like you should fuckin' beat it 
 Or fuckin' eat it while I'm on my period 
 Now have a blessed day." (*Phone hangs up*) Bitch, you serious? 
 I'm in the mirror with this look on my face, curious 
 Why you ain't fuckin' with me, you cut me deep as Caesarean 
 You know I want you bad as a Benjamin, I'm delirious 
 I want you bad as the head shattered on George Zimmerman 
 After the Dillinger hit him diligently and killin' him 
 His mouthpiece for a Cadillac emblem 
 That's analogy and metaphor for you 
 I should win a medal for all the ways I adore you 
 This is me talkin' cordial, yeah, I got some home training 
 That ain't what you like, ain't it? 
 What about if I was as famous as Marshall? 
 Would you give fellatio in the carpool? 
 Cops pull us over, they just wanna know if you gargle 
 Singin', "I hope she's good enough 
 Meanwhile you're chasin' her" 
 Chlamydia couldn't even get rid of her 
 Pity the fool and pity the fool in me, I'ma live with the— 
  
 [Bridge: Wayne Fontana] 
 Game of love, love, love, love 
 La-la-la-la-la love 
  
 [Hook: Kendrick Lamar (with Eminem)] 
 (She doesn't love me, no, she don't love me no more) 
 (She hates my company, guess she don't love me no more) 
 I tried to get her up out of my head, left my bags at the door 
 She screamed she loved me like she never did before 
 And I told her, "Go where you wanna! 
 Go do whatcha wanna do, I don't care!" 
 And I told her, "Go where you wanna! 
 Go do whatcha wanna do, I don't care!" 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 So needless to say I'm feelin' betrayed 
 Snatch my house key off her key chain 
 She jumps off Wee-Bey from The Wire's dick 
 Now she's chasin' me with a cheese grater 
 Here goes that broken record cliché 
 It's all my fault anyway, she's turnin' the tables, I'm a beat-break 
 She treats my face like Serato, she cuts and scratches like a DJ 
 Each day is an Instant Replay 
 They say what we display is symptomatic of addict behavior 
 Back together, but forgot today was her B-day 
 She cut me off on the freeway 
 Simple misunderstanding, but just as I went to slam on the brakes 
 That's when I realized that she may be crazy as me, wait 
 Bitch cut my fuckin' brakeline 
 Stepped on them fuckers eight times 
 Still goin' 73, thank God there's an exit comin' up 
 What the mother-F-U-C-K's wrong with her? 
 Hit the off ramp 'til I coasted to a goshdamn halt 
 Hit a fuckin' tree, now here she comes at full speed 
 She's racin' at me, okay, you wanna fuck with me, eh? 
 Snatch that bitch out her car through the window 
 She screamin', I body slam her on the cement 
 Until the concrete gave and created a sinkhole 
 Buried the stink ho in it, then paid to have the street repaved 
 (The fuck?) Woke up in a dream state 
 In a cold sweat like I got hit with a freeze ray during a heat wave 
 Guess I eventually caved though, ‘cause she's layin' next to me in bed—directly aimin' a gat at my head! 
 Woke up again and jumped up 
 Like, "Fuck it! I've had it, I'm checkin' into rehab." 
 I confess I'm a static addict, I guess that's why I'm so clingy 
 Every girl I've ever had either says I got too much baggage 
 Or I'm too fuckin' dramatic 
 Man, what the fuck is the matter? I'm just a fuckin' romantic 
 I fuckin' love you, you fuckin' bitch! 
 Combative, possessive, in fact last time I was mad at an ex 
 I actually set off a chain reaction of tragic events 
 I said, "Hit the road", then after she left 
 I sent that bitch a text that said, "Be careful driving 
 Don't read this and have an accident" 
 She glanced to look at it and wrecked (*Car crashes*) 
 Too bad, thought we had a connect 
 No sense dwelling makes, never been a more compelling case 
 Than the model covered in L'Oréal and mace 
 Who fell from grace 11 stories for storytellin' 
 While the whore was yellin', "Rape!" 
 'Til her vocal cords were swellin' 
 And her voice were more hoarser than Tori Spellings' face 
 Still they swarm the gates of my fancy estates 
 To greet Norman Bates with a warm embrace 
 'Less you're Andrea Yates, don't ask me for a date though 
 You're late, well, the sentiment's great 
 But wait, think there's been a mistake 
 You wanted an intimate date, I wanna intimidate 
 I have infinite hate in my blood 
 It's mainly 'cause of the game of— (*Message sound*) 
 Wait, "dinner at eight"? I have infinite hate in my blood 
 It's mainly 'cause of the— 
  
 [Outro: Wayne Fontana] 
 Game of love, love, love, love 
 La-la-la-la-la love[Intro] 
 Yeah, it's my life 
 In my own words, I guess 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for? 
 Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for 
 When they know they're your heart and you know you were their armor 
 And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her 
 But what happens when karma turns right around to bite you? 
 And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you? 
 What happens when you become the main source of her pain? 
 "Daddy, look what I made!" "Dad's gotta go catch a plane" 
 "Daddy, where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy, where is she?" 
 "I don't know, go play, Hailie, baby, your daddy's busy 
 Daddy's writin' a song, this song ain't gon' write itself 
 I'll give you one underdog, then you gotta swing by yourself" 
 Then turn right around on that song and tell her you love her 
 And put hands on her mother who's a spitting image of her 
 That's Slim Shady, yeah, baby, Slim Shady's crazy 
 Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rock-a-bye baby 
  
 [Chorus] 
 And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn, rejoice 
 Every time you hear the sound of my voice, just know that 
 I'm lookin' down on you smilin' and I didn't feel a thang 
 So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back 
 And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn, rejoice 
 Every time you hear the sound of my voice, just know that 
 I'm lookin' down on you smilin' and I didn't feel a thang 
 So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I keep havin' this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing 
 She keeps screamin' she don't want me to sing 
 "You're makin' Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy cryin'?" 
 "Baby, Daddy ain't leavin' no more" "Daddy, you're lyin'! 
 You always say that, you always say this is the last time 
 But you ain't leavin' no more, Daddy, you're mine!" 
 She's pilin' boxes in front of the door, tryna block it 
 "Daddy, please! Daddy, don't leave! Daddy, no, stop it!" 
 Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket 
 It's got a picture, "This'll keep you safe, Daddy, take it with ya!" 
 I look up, it's just me standin' in the mirror 
 These fuckin' walls must be talkin', 'cause man, I can hear 'em 
 They're sayin', "You got one more chance to do right and it's tonight 
 Now go out there and show 'em that you love 'em 'fore it's too late!" 
 And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door 
 It turns to a stage, they're gone and this spotlight is on and I'm singin' 
  
 [Chorus] 
 And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn, rejoice 
 Every time you hear the sound of my voice, just know that 
 I'm lookin' down on you smilin' and I didn't feel a thang 
 So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back 
 And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn, rejoice 
 Every time you hear the sound of my voice, just know that 
 I'm lookin' down on you smilin' and I didn't feel a thang 
 So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Sixty-thousand people all jumpin' out their seat 
 The curtain closes, they're throwin' roses at my feet 
 I take a bow, and thank you all for comin' out 
 They're screamin' so loud, I take one last look at the crowd 
 I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seein' 
 "Daddy, it's me! Help Mommy, her wrists are bleedin'!" 
 But baby, we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden? 
 "I followed you, Daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin' 
 You lied to me, Dad, and now you made Mommy sad 
 And I bought you this coin, it says 'Number One Dad' 
 That's all I wanted, I just wanted to give you this coin 
 I get the point, fine, me and Mommy are goin'." 
 But baby, wait! – "It's too late, Dad, you made the choice 
 Now go up there and show 'em that you love 'em more than us 
 That's what they want, they want you, Marshall, they keep 
 Screamin' your name, it's no wonder you can't go to sleep 
 Just take another pill, yeah, I bet you you will 
 You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real." 
 I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see 
 How could it be that the curtain is closin' on me? 
 I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it 
 Put it to my brain, scream, "Die, Shady!" and pop it 
 The sky darkens, my life flashes, the plane that I was 
 Supposed to be on crashes and burns to ashes 
 That's when I wake up, alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin' 
 It's spring and Hailie's outside swingin' 
 I walk right up to Kim and kiss her, tell her I miss her 
 Hailie just smiles, and winks at her little sister, almost as if to say 
  
 [Chorus] 
 And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn, rejoice 
 Every time you hear the sound of my voice, just know that 
 I'm lookin' down on you smilin' and I didn't feel a thang 
 So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back 
 And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn, rejoice 
 Every time you hear the sound of my voice, just know that 
 I'm lookin' down on you smilin' and I didn't feel a thang 
 So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back 
  
 *Curtains closing*[Intro: Polina] 
 Tell me where to go 
 Tell me what to do 
 I'll be right there for you 
 Tell me what to say 
 No matter if it's true 
 I'll say it all for you 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I used to be the type of kid 
 That would always think the sky is fallin' 
 Why am I so differently wired? Am I a martian? 
 What kind of twisted experiment am I involved in? 
 ‘Cause I don't belong in this world 
 That's why I'm scoffin' at authority, defiant often 
 Flyin' off at the handle at my mom 
 No dad, so I am noncompliant at home 
 At school I'm just shy and awkward 
 And I don't need no goddamn psychologist 
 Tryna diagnose why I have all these underlyin' problems 
 Thinkin' he can try and solve 'em 
 I'm outside chalkin' up drawings 
 On the sidewalk and in the front drive talkin' 
 To myself, either that or inside hidin' off in 
 The corner somewhere quiet, tryin' not to 
 Be noticed ‘cause I'm cryin' and sobbin' 
 I had a bad day at school so I ain't talkin' 
 Some cocksucker shoved me into a fuckin' locker 
 ‘Cause he said that I eye-balled him 
  
 [Pre-Chorus: Polina] 
 And if you fall, I'll get you there 
 I'll be your savior from all the wars 
 That are fought inside your world 
 Please have faith in my words 
  
 [Chorus: Polina] 
 ‘Cause this is my legacy, legacy, yeah 
 This is my legacy, legacy, yeah 
 There's no guarantee 
 It's not up to me, we can only see 
 This is my legacy, legacy, legacy, legacy 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky's fallin' 
 Why am I so differently wired in my noggin? 
 ‘Cause sporadic as my thoughts come, it's mind-bogglin' 
 ‘Cause I obsess on everything in my mind, small shit 
 Bothers me, but not my father, he said sayonara 
 Then split, but I don’t give a shit 
 I'm fine long as there's batteries in my Walkman 
 Nothing is the matter with me 
 Shit, look on the bright side, at least I ain't walkin' 
 I bike ride through the neighborhood of my apartment 
 Complex on a ten-speed which I've acquired parts that 
 I find in the garbage, a frame, then put tires on it 
 Headphones on, look straight ahead if kids try and start shit 
 But if this is all there is for me, life offers 
 Why bother even tryin' to put up a fight? It's nonsense 
 But I think a light bulb just lit up in my conscience 
 What about them rhymes I've been jottin'? 
 They are kind of giving me confidence 
 Instead of tryin' to escape through my comics 
 Why don't I just blast a little something like Onyx? 
 To put me in the mood to wanna fight and write songs that 
 Say what I wanna say to the kid that said that I eye-balled him 
 Grab hold of my balls, like, "That's right, fight's on, bitch!" 
 Who woulda knew, from the moment I turned the mic on, that 
 I could be iconic in my conquest? 
 That's word to Phife Dawg from A Tribe Called Quest 
  
 [Chorus: Polina] 
 This is my legacy, legacy, yeah 
 This is my legacy, legacy, yeah 
 There's no guarantee 
 It's not up to me, we can only see 
 This is my legacy, legacy, legacy, legacy 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 I used to be the type of kid that would always think the sky's fallin' 
 Now I think the fact that I'm differently wired's awesome 
 ‘Cause if I wasn't, I wouldn't be able to work words like this 
 And connect lines like crosswords 
 And use my enemy's words as strength 
 To try and draw from, and get inspired off 'em 
 ‘Cause all my life I was told and taught I am not shit 
 By you wack fuckin' giant sacks of lyin' dog shit 
 Now you shut up, bitch, I am talkin' 
 Thought I was full of horseshit 
 And now you fuckin' worship the ground on which I am walkin' 
 Me against the world, so what? I'm Brian Dawkins 
 Versus the whole 0-16 Lions offense 
 So bring on the Giants, Falcons, and Miami Dolphins 
 It's the body bag game, bitch, I'm supplyin' coffins 
 ‘Cause you dicks butt kiss, bunch of Brian Baldingers 
 You're gon' die a ball-licker, I've been diabolical 
 With this dialogue since '99 Rawkus 
 You don't respect the legacy I leave behind, y'all can 
 Suck a dick; the day you beat me, pigs'll fly out my ass 
 In a flyin' saucer full of Italian sausage 
 The most high exaltin' and I ain't haltin' 
 'Til I die of exhaustion, inhale my exhaust fumes 
 The best part about me is I am not you 
 I'm me, and I'm the Fire Marshall, and this is my— 
  
 [Chorus: Polina] 
 This is my legacy, legacy, yeah 
 This is my legacy, legacy, yeah 
 There's no guarantee 
 It's not up to me, we can only see 
 This is my legacy, legacy, legacy, legacy[Produced by Dr. Dre] 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, what? (Excuse me) My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady 
 (Can I have the attention of the class for one second?) 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem & Dr. Dre] 
 Hi, kids, do you like violence? (Yeah, yeah, yeah) 
 Wanna see me stick nine-inch nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh) 
 Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah, yeah) 
 Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?) 
 My brain's dead weight, I'm tryna get my head straight 
 But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Oh) 
 And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady, you a basehead" (Uh-uh) 
 "Then why's your face red? Man, you wasted" 
 Well, since age 12, I felt like I'm someone else 
 'Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt 
 Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off 
 And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross 
 I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass 
 Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast 
 Come here, slut; "Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg" 
 I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (Shh) 
 Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be 35 
 I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler 
 And stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Ow) 
 Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up 
 Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup 
 Extraterrestrial, running over pedestrians in a spaceship While they're screaming at me, "Let's just be friends" 
 99 percent of my life, I was lied to 
 I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn) 
 I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper 
 Make a record about doin' drugs and name it after her 
 (Oh, thank you) 
 You know you blew up when the women rush your stands 
 And try to touch your hands like some screamin' Usher fans 
 (Ahh, ahh, ahh) 
 This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?) 
 So I signed it, "Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole" 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Stop the tape, this kid needs to be locked away (Get him) 
 Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate 
 I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that) 
 I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive 
 (Huh, yup) 
 Am I comin' or goin'? I can barely decide 
 I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead) 
 All my life I was very deprived 
 I ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops) 
 Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk 
 I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (Come here) 
 When I was little, I used to get so hungry I would throw fits 
 How you gonna breastfeed me, Mom? You ain't got no tits 
 I lay awake and strap myself in the bed 
 With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang) 
 'Cause I'm steamin' mad (Grr) 
 And by the way, when you see my dad (Yeah?) 
 Tell him that I slit his throat in this dream I had 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, who? My name is, huh? 
 My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady[Intro] 
 Where's my snare? 
 I have no snare in my headphones 
 There you go, yeah, yo, yo 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Have you ever been hated or discriminated against? 
 I have—I've been protested and demonstrated against 
 Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times 
 Sick is the mind of the motherfuckin' kid that's behind 
 All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans, explodin' 
 Tempers flarin' from parents, just blow 'em off and keep goin' 
 Not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell long as I'm breathin' 
 Keep kickin' ass in the morning and takin' names in the evenin' 
 Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth 
 See, they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out 
 Look at me now! I bet you're prob'ly sick of me now 
 Ain't you, Mama? I'ma make you look so ridiculous now! 
  
 [Hook] 
 I'm sorry, Mama, I never meant to hurt you 
 I never meant to make you cry 
 But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (One more time!) 
 I said I'm sorry, Mama, I never meant to hurt you 
 I never meant to make you cry 
 But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (Ha!) 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I got some skeletons in my closet 
 And I don't know if no one knows it 
 So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it 
 I'ma expose it; I'll take you back to '73 
 Before I ever had a multi-platinum-selling CD 
 I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months 
 My faggot father must've had his panties up in a bunch 
 ‘Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye 
 No, I don't, on second thought, I just fuckin' wished he would die 
 I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leavin' her side 
 Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try 
 To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake 
 I maybe made some mistakes 
 But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face 'em today 
 What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb 
 But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets out of that gun 
 ‘Cause I'da killed 'em, shit, I woulda shot Kim and him both 
 It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show 
  
 [Hook] 
 I'm sorry, Mama, I never meant to hurt you 
 I never meant to make you cry 
 But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (One more time!) 
 I said I'm sorry, Mama, I never meant to hurt you 
 I never meant to make you cry 
 But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (Uh) 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Now, I would never diss my own mama just to get recognition 
 Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissin' 
 But put yourself in my position, just try to envision 
 Witnessin' your mama poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen 
 Bitchin' that someone's always goin' through her purse and shit's missin' 
 Goin' through public housing systems 
 Victim of Münchausen's Syndrome 
 My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't 
 'Til I grew up, now I blew up 
 It makes you sick to your stomach, doesn't it? 
 Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, Ma? 
 So you could try to justify the way you treated me, Ma? 
 But guess what, you're gettin' older now 
 And it's cold when you're lonely 
 And Nathan's growin' up so quick 
 He's gonna know that you're phony 
 And Hailie's gettin' so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful 
 But you'll never see her—she won't even be at your funeral (ha-ha!) 
 See, what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong 
 Bitch, do your song, keep tellin' yourself that you was a mom! 
 But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get?! 
 You selfish bitch, I hope you fuckin' burn in hell for this shit! 
 Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me? 
 Well, guess what, I am dead—dead to you as can be! 
  
 [Hook] 
 I'm sorry, Mama, I never meant to hurt you 
 I never meant to make you cry 
 But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (One more time!) 
 I said I'm sorry, Mama, I never meant to hurt you 
 I never meant to make you cry 
 But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet[Bridge: Eminem] 
 Feels like a close, it's coming to 
 Fuck am I gonna do? 
 It's too late to start over 
 This is the only thing I, thing I know 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Sometimes I feel like all I ever do is 
 Find different ways to word the same old song 
 Ever since I came along 
 From the day the song called “Hi! My Name Is” dropped 
 Started thinking my name was Fault 
 ‘Cause any time things went wrong 
 I was the one who they would blame it on 
 The media made me the equivalent 
 Of a modern-day Genghis Khan 
 Tried to argue it was only entertainment, dog 
 Gangster? Nah, courageous balls 
 Had to change my style, they said I'm way too soft 
 And I sound like AZ and Nas, out came the claws 
 And the fangs been out since then 
 But up until the instant that I went against it 
 It was ingrained in me 
 That I wouldn't amount to a shit stain, I thought 
 No wonder I had to unlearn everything my brain was taught 
 "Do I really belong in this game?", I pondered 
 I just wanna play my part 
 Should I make waves or not? 
 So back and forth in my brain the tug of war wages on 
 And I don't wanna seem ungrateful 
 Or disrespect the art form I was raised upon 
 But sometimes you gotta take a loss 
 And have people rub it in your face 
 Before you get made pissed off 
 And keep plugging, it's your only outlet 
 And your only outfit, so you know they gonna talk about it 
 Better find a way to counter it quick and make it… ah 
 Feel like I've already said this a kabillion 80 times 
 How many times can I say the same thing 
 Different ways that rhyme? 
 What I really wanna say is, if there's anyone else that can relate to my story, bet you feel the same way I felt 
 When I was in the same place you are, when I was afraid to— 
  
 [Pre-Chorus: Sia] 
 I was a… afraid to make a single sound 
 Afraid I would never find a way out, out, out 
 Afraid I'd never be found 
 I didn't wanna go another round 
 An angry man's power will shut you up 
 Trip wires fill this house with tip-toed love 
 Run out of excuses for everyone 
 So here I am and I will not run 
  
 [Chorus: Sia] 
 Guts over fear, the time is near 
 Guts over fear, might shed a tear 
 For all the times I let you push me round 
 I let you keep me down 
 Now I got guts over fear, guts over fear 
  
 [Bridge: Eminem] 
 Feels like a close, it's coming to 
 Fuck am I gonna do? 
 It's too late to start over 
 This is the only thing I, thing I know 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I know what it was like, I was there once 
 Single parents, hate your appearance 
 As you struggle to find your place in this world 
 And the pain spawns all the anger on 
 But it wasn't 'til I put the pain in song 
 Learned who to aim it on that I made a spark 
 Started to spit harder shit 
 Learned how to harness it while the reins were off 
 And there was a lot of bizarre shit, but the crazy part 
 Was soon as I stopped saying I gave a fuck 
 Haters started to appreciate my art 
 And it just breaks my heart to look at all the pain I caused 
 But what am I gonna do when the rage is gone 
 And the lights go out in that trailer park 
 And the window is closing and there's nowhere else that I can go with flows and I'm frozen 
 ‘Cause there's no more emotion for me to pull from 
 Just a bunch of playful songs that I make for fun 
 So, to the break of dawn, here I go recycling the same old song 
 But I rather make “Not Afraid 2” 
 Than make another motherfucking “We Made You,” ah 
 Now, I don't wanna seem indulgent 
 When I discuss my lows and my highs 
 My demise and my uprise, pray to God 
 I just open enough eyes later on 
 And gave you the supplies and the tools 
 To hopefully use that'll make you strong 
 Enough to lift yourself up, when you feel like I felt 
 ‘Cause I can't explain to y'all how dang exhausted my legs felt 
 Just having to balance my dang self 
 When on eggshells, I was made to walk 
 But thank you, Ma, ‘cause that gave me the 
 Strength to cause Shady-mania, so when they empty that stadium 
 Least I made it out of that house 
 And found a place in this world when the day was done 
 So this is for every kid who all's they ever did 
 Was dreamt of one day just getting accepted 
 I represent him or her, anyone similar 
 You are the reason that I made this song 
 And everything you're scared to say 
 Don't be afraid to say no more 
 From this day forward, just let them a-holes talk 
 Take it with a grain of salt and eat their fucking faces off 
 The legend of the angry blond 
 Lives on through you when I’m gone, and to think I was a— 
  
 [Pre-Chorus: Sia] 
 I was a… afraid to make a single sound 
 Afraid I would never find a way out, out, out 
 Afraid I'd never be found 
 I didn't wanna go another round 
 An angry man's power will shut you up 
 Trip wires fill this house with tip-toed love 
 Run out of excuses for everyone 
 So here I am and I will not run 
  
 [Chorus: Sia] 
 Guts over fear, the time is near 
 Guts over fear, might shed a tear 
 For all the times I let you push me round 
 I let you keep me down 
 Now I got guts over fear, guts over fear[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 We touch, I feel a rush; we clutch, it isn't much 
 But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us 
 It's lust, it's torturous, you must be a sorceress 
 'Cause you just did the impossible: gained my trust 
 Don't play games, it'll be dangerous 
 If you fuck me over, ‘cause if I get burnt, I'ma show ya 
 What it's like to hurt, ‘cause I been treated like dirt before ya 
 And love is evil — spell it backwards, I'll show ya 
 Nobody knows me, I'm cold, walk down this road all alone 
 It's no one's fault but my own, it's the path I've chosen to go 
 Frozen as snow, I show no emotion whatsoever so 
 Don't ask me why I have no love for these muh'fuckin' hoes 
 Bloodsuckin' succubuses, what the fuck is up with this? 
 I've tried in this department, but I ain't had no luck with this 
 It sucks, but it's exactly what I thought it would be like 
 Tryin' to start over, I got a hole in my heart 
 But some kind of emotional roller coaster 
 Is something I won't go on 
 So you toy with my emotions, so it's over 
 It's like an explosion every time I hold ya 
 Wasn't joking when I told ya 
 You take my breath away, you're a supernova, and I'm a— 
  
 [Chorus: Steve McEwan] 
 I'm a space-bound rocket ship and your heart's the Moon 
 And I'm aimin' right at you, right at you 
 250,000 miles on a clear night in June 
 And I'm aimin' right at you 
 Right at you, right at you 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I'll do whatever it takes, when I'm with you, I get the shakes 
 My body aches when I ain't with you, I have zero strength 
 There's no limit on how far I would go, no boundaries, no lengths 
 Why do we say that until we get that person that we think's 
 Gonna be that one? And then once we get 'em, it's never the same 
 You want 'em when they don't want you 
 Soon as they do, feelings change 
 It's not a contest and I ain't on no conquest for no mate 
 I wasn't lookin' when I stumbled on to you, musta been fate 
 But so much is at stake, what the fuck does it take? 
 Let's cut to the chase 'fore the door shuts in your face 
 Promise me if I cave in and break and leave myself open 
 That I won't be makin' a mistake, ‘cause I'm a— 
  
 [Chorus: Steve McEwan] 
 I'm a space-bound rocket ship and your heart's the Moon 
 And I'm aimin' right at you, right at you 
 250,000 miles on a clear night in June 
 And I'm aimin' right at you 
 Right at you, right at you 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 So, after a year and six months, it's no longer me that you want 
 But I love you so much it hurts, never mistreated you once 
 I poured my heart out to you, let down my guard, swear to God 
 I blow my brains in your lap, lay here and die in your arms 
 Drop to my knees and I'm pleadin', I'm tryna stop you from leavin' 
 You won't even listen, so fuck it, I'm tryna stop you from breathin' 
 I put both hands on your throat, I sit on top of you squeezin' 
 'Til I snap your neck like a Popsicle stick, ain't no possible reason 
 I can think of to let you walk up out this house and let you live 
 Tears stream down both of my cheeks 
 Now I let you go and just give 
 And 'fore I put that gun to my temple, I told you this 
  
 [Bridge: Eminem] 
 And I would've done anything for you 
 To show you how much I adored you 
 But it's over now, it's too late to save our love 
 Just promise me you'll think of me 
 Every time you look up in the sky and see a star, ‘cause I'm a— 
  
 [Chorus: Steve McEwan] 
 I'm a space-bound rocket ship and your heart's the Moon 
 And I'm aimin' right at you, right at you 
 250,000 miles on a clear night in June 
 And I'm so lost without you 
 Without you, without you[Segue from "Steve Berman (Skit)"] 
 ...Man, whatever 
  
 [Intro] 
 Dre, just let it run 
 Ayo, turn the beat up a little bit 
 Ayo 
 This song is for anyone... 
 Fuck it, just shut up and listen 
 Ayo 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I sit back with this pack of Zig-Zag's and this bag 
 Of this weed, it gives me the shit needed to be 
 The most meanest MC on this... on this Earth 
 And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse 
 And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works 
 And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve 
 All this tension, dispensin' these sentences 
 Gettin' this stress that's been eatin' me recently off 
 Of this chest and I rest again peacefully (Peacefully) 
 But at least have the decency in you 
 To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out 
 In the streets when I'm eatin' or feedin' my daughter 
 To not come and speak to me (Speak to me), I don't know you 
 And no, I don't owe you a motherfuckin' thing 
 I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think 
 I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick 
 If you tempt me, my tank is on empty (Is on empty) 
 No patience is in me and if you offend me 
 I'm liftin' you ten feet (Liftin' you ten feet) in the air 
 I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you 
 Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit 
 I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe 
 I'm tired of all you (Of all you), I don't mean to be mean 
 But that's all I can be, it's just me 
  
 [Chorus] 
 And I am whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
 In the paper, the news, every day I am 
 Radio won't even play my jam 
 'Cause I am whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
 In the paper, the news, every day I am 
 I don't know, that's just the way I am 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Sometimes I just feel like my father, I hate to be bothered 
 With all of this nonsense, it's constant 
 And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content 
 The song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses." 
 And all of this controversy circles me 
 And it seems like the media immediately 
 Points a finger at me (Finger at me) 
 So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie 
 Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up 
 When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up 
 With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too 
 When a dude's gettin' bullied and shoots up his school 
 And they blame it on Marilyn (On Marilyn) and the heroin 
 Where were the parents at? And look where it's at! 
 Middle America, now it's a tragedy 
 Now it's so sad to see, an upper-class city 
 Havin' this happenin' (This happenin') then attack 
 Eminem 'cause I rap this way (Rap this way) but I'm glad 
 'Cause they feed me the fuel that I need for the fire to burn 
 And it's burnin', and I have returned 
  
 [Chorus] 
 And I am whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
 In the paper, the news, every day I am 
 Radio won't even play my jam 
 'Cause I am whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
 In the paper, the news, every day I am 
 I don't know, that's just the way I am 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I'm so sick and tired of bein' admired 
 That I wish that I would just die or get fired 
 And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables 
 I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name Is" 
 And pigeon-holed into some poppy sensation 
 To cop me rotation at rock 'n' roll stations 
 And I just do not got the patience (Got the patience) 
 To deal with these cocky Caucasians 
 Who think I'm some wigger who just tries to be black 'cause I talk 
 With an accent and grab on my balls so they always 
 Keep askin' the same fuckin' questions (Fuckin' questions) 
 What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in 
 The why, the who, what, when, the where and the how 
 'Til I'm grabbin' my hair and I'm tearin' it out 
 'Cause they drivin' me crazy (Drivin' me crazy), I can't take it 
 I'm racin', I'm pacin', I stand and I sit 
 And I'm thankful for every fan that I get 
 But I can't take a shit in the bathroom without 
 Someone standin' by it! (Standin' by it) No, I won't sign your autograph 
 You can call me an asshole, I'm glad 
  
 [Chorus] 
 'Cause I am whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
 In the paper, the news, every day I am 
 Radio won't even play my jam 
 'Cause I am whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
 In the paper, the news, every day I am 
 I don't know, that's just the way I am 
  
 [Produced by Eminem][Intro] 
 Step by step, heart to heart 
 Left, right, left 
 We all fall down 
  
 [Hook] 
 Step by step, heart to heart 
 Left, right, left 
 We all fall down like toy soldiers 
 Bit by bit, torn apart 
 We never win 
 But the battle wages on for toy soldiers 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure 
 Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders 
 I ain't never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it 
 Even if it means goin' toe-to-toe with a Benzino 
 It don't matter, I never drag 'em in battles that I can't handle 
 'Less I absolutely have to, I'm supposed to set an example 
 I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em 
 If some shit ever does pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em 
 That Ja shit, I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it 
 There's a certain line you just don't cross, and he crossed it 
 I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it 
 It was crazy, the shit went way beyond some JAY-Z and Nas shit 
 And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it 
 I spent so much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted 
 And I'm so caught in it that I almost feel I'm the one who caused it 
 This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, that's not why I got in it 
 That was never my object, for someone to get killed 
 Why would I wanna destroy something I helped build? 
 That wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good 
 I went through my whole career without ever mentionin' **** 
 And that was just outta respect, for not runnin' my mouth 
 And talkin' about somethin' that I knew nothin' about 
 Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef 
 So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth 
 While he's all over TV, down-talkin' the man 
 Who literally saved my life, like fuck it, I understand 
 This is business, and this shit just isn't none of my business 
 But still knowin' the shit could pop off at any minute, ‘cause— 
  
 [Hook] 
 Step by step, heart to heart 
 Left, right, left 
 We all fall down like toy soldiers 
 Bit by bit, torn apart 
 We never win 
 But the battle wages on for toy soldiers 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme and 
 Wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin' 
 But now it's elevated, ‘cause once you put someone's kids in it 
 The shit gets escalated — it ain't just words no more, is it? 
 It's a different ballgame, you call names and you ain't just rappin' 
 We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin' 
 Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him 
 And asked him not to start it, he wasn't gonna go after him 
 Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how he stabbed him 
 Fuck it, 50, smash him! Mash on him, let him have it 
 Meanwhile my attention's pulled in another direction 
 Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk 
 Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection 
 Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record 
 But now he's fucked the game up 'cause one of the ways I came up 
 Was through that publication, the same one that made me famous 
 Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin'? 
 Well, fuck it, that motherfucker could get it too, fuck him then! 
 But I'm so busy bein' pissed off, I don't stop to think 
 That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc. 
 And he's inherited mine, which is fine, ain't like either of us mind 
 But we still have soldiers that's on the front line 
 Who's willin' to die for us as soon as we give the orders 
 Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us 
 And maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus 
 To show 'em we love 'em back and let 'em know how important it is 
 To have Runyon Avenue soldiers up in our corners 
 Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is 
 But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt or murdered 
 It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it 
 Than to just say that I love y'all too much to see the verdict 
 I'll walk away from it all 'fore I let it go any further 
 But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin' 
 I'm just willin' to be the bigger man, if y'all can quit poppin' 
 Off at the jaws, well, then I can, ‘cause frankly I'm sick of talkin' 
 I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience ‘cause— 
  
 [Hook] 
 Step by step, heart to heart 
 Left, right, left 
 We all fall down like toy soldiers 
 Bit by bit, torn apart 
 We never win 
 But the battle wages on for toy soldiers[Intro: Eminem & Dina Rae] 
 Mhmmm *inhales* 
 You high, baby? 
 Yeah 
 Yeah? 
 Talk to me 
 You want me to tell you something? 
 Uh-huh 
 I know what you wanna hear 
  
 [Refrain: Eminem (& Dina Rae)] 
 I know you want me, baby, I think I want you too 
 (I think I love you, baby) I think I love you too 
 I'm here to save you, girl, come be in Shady's world 
 I wanna grow together, let's let our love unfurl 
 You know you want me, baby, you know I want you too 
 They call me Superman, I'm here to rescue you 
 I wanna save you, girl, come be in Shady's world 
 (Oh boy, you drive me crazy) Bitch, you make me hurl 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 They call me Superman 
 Leap tall hoes in a single bound 
 I'm single now: got no ring on this finger now 
 I'd never let another chick bring me down 
 In a relationship; save it, bitch! 
 Babysit? You make me sick 
 Superman ain't savin' shit 
 Girl, you can jump on Shady's dick 
 Straight from the hip, cut to the chase 
 I tell a motherfuckin' slut to her face 
 Play no games, say no names 
 Ever since I broke up with what's-her-face 
 I'm a different man, kiss my ass 
 Kiss my lips? Bitch, why ask? 
 Kiss my dick, get my cash? 
 I'd rather have you whip my ass 
 Don't put out, I'll put you out 
 Won't get out, I'll push you out 
 Puss blew out, poppin' shit 
 Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out 
 Am I too nice? Buy you ice? 
 Bitch, if you died, wouldn't buy you life 
 What, you tryin' to be my new wife? 
 What, you Mariah? Fly through twice 
  
 [Pre-Chorus: Eminem] 
 But I do know one thing though 
 Bitches, they come, they go 
 Saturday through Sunday, Monday 
 Monday through Sunday, yo 
 Maybe I'll love you one day 
 Maybe we'll someday grow 
 'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway, ho 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 ‘Cause I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Don't get me wrong, I love these hoes 
 It's no secret, everybody knows 
 Yeah, we fucked: bitch, so what? 
 That's about as far as your buddy goes 
 We'll be friends, I'll call you again 
 I'll chase you around every bar you attend 
 Never know what kinda car I be in 
 We'll see how much you be partyin' then 
 You don't want that, neither do I 
 I don't wanna flip when I see you with guys 
 Too much pride, between you and I 
 Not a jealous man, but females lie 
 But I guess that's just what sluts do 
 How could it ever be just us two? 
 I'd never love you enough to trust you 
 We just met and I just fucked you 
  
 [Pre-Chorus: Eminem] 
 But I do know one thing though 
 Bitches, they come, they go 
 Saturday through Sunday, Monday 
 Monday through Sunday, yo 
 Maybe I'll love you one day 
 Maybe we'll someday grow 
 'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway, ho 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 ‘Cause I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman 
 ‘Cause I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman 
  
 [Refrain: Eminem (& Dina Rae)] 
 I know you want me, baby, I think I want you too 
 (I think I love you, baby) I think I love you too 
 I'm here to save you, girl, come be in Shady's world 
 I wanna grow together, let's let our love unfurl 
 You know you want me, baby, you know I want you too 
 They call me Superman, I'm here to rescue you 
 I wanna save you, girl, come be in Shady's world 
 (Oh boy, you drive me crazy) Bitch, you make me hurl 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 First thing you say: I'm not fazed 
 I hang around big stars all day 
 I don't see what the big deal is anyway 
 You're just plain old Marshall to me 
 Ooh yeah, girl, run that game 
 Hailie Jade, I love that name 
 Love that tattoo, what's that say? 
 "Rot In Pieces," uh, that's great 
 First off, you don't know Marshall 
 At all, so don't grow partial 
 That's ammo for my arsenal 
 I'll slap you off that bar stool 
 There goes another lawsuit 
 Leave handprints all across you 
 Good Lordy, whoadie 
 You must be gone off that water bottle 
 You want what you can't have 
 Ooh girl, that's too damn bad 
 Don't touch what you can't grab 
 End up with two backhands 
 Put anthrax on a Tampax 
 And slap you 'til you can't stand 
 Girl, you just blew your chance 
 Don't mean to ruin your plans 
  
 [Pre-Chorus: Eminem] 
 But I do know one thing though 
 Bitches, they come, they go 
 Saturday through Sunday, Monday 
 Monday through Sunday, yo 
 Maybe I'll love you one day 
 Maybe we'll someday grow 
 'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway, ho 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 ‘Cause I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman 
 ‘Cause I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman 
  
 [Refrain: Eminem (& Dina Rae)] 
 I know you want me, baby, I think I want you too 
 (I think I love you, baby) I think I love you too 
 I'm here to save you, girl, come be in Shady's world 
 I wanna grow together, let's let our love unfurl 
 You know you want me, baby, you know I want you too 
 They call me Superman, I'm here to rescue you 
 I wanna save you, girl, come be in Shady's world 
 (Oh boy, you drive me crazy) Bitch, you make me hurl 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 ‘Cause I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman 
 ‘Cause I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 These ideas are nightmares to white parents 
 Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings 
 Like whatever they say has no bearing 
 It's so scary in a house that allows no swearing 
 To see him walkin' around with his headphones blarin' 
 Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care, he's 
 A problem child, and what bothers him all comes out 
 When he talks about his fuckin' dad walkin' out (Bitch!) 
 'Cause he hates him so bad that he blocks him out 
 If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out 
 His thoughts are wacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back 
 Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap 
 He sags his pants, do-rags and a stockin' cap 
 His step-father hit him so he socked him back 
 And broke his nose, his house is a broken home 
 There's no control, he just lets his emotions go 
  
 [Chorus: Steven Tyler (& Eminem)] 
 (Come on!) Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!) 
 Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!) 
 Sing it with me, it's just for today 
 Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsters 
 In the land of the killers a sinner's mind is a sanctum 
 Holy or unholy, only have one homie 
 Only this gun, lonely ‘cause don't anyone know me 
 Yet everybody just feels like they can relate (Huh-uh) 
 I guess words are a motherfucker, they can be great 
 Or they can degrade, or even worse, they can teach hate 
 It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make 
 Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum 
 Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen? 
 From standin' on corners and porches just rappin' 
 To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass 
 But then these critics crucify you (Yep), journalists try to burn you 
 Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you 
 To get they hands on every dime you have 
 They want you to lose your mind every time you mad 
 So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon 
 Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns 
 That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me 
 Strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly 
 But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously 
 So I'm signin' CDs while police fingerprint me 
 They're for the judge's daughter, but his grudge is against me 
 If I'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense, B 
 It's all political, if my music is literal 
 And I'm a criminal, how the fuck can I raise a little girl? 
 I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to 
 You're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you! (Bitch!) 
  
 [Chorus: Steven Tyler (& Eminem)] 
 (Come on!) Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!) 
 Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Sing that shit!) 
 Sing it with me, it's just for today 
 Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 They say music can alter moods and talk to you 
 Well, can it load a gun up for you and cock it too? 
 Well, if it can, then the next time you assault a dude 
 Just tell the judge it was my fault and I'll get sued 
 See, what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols 
 And they wanna get one ‘cause they think the shit's cool 
 Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves 
 We entertainers, of course the shit's affectin' our sales 
 You ignoramus, but music is reflection of self 
 We just explain it, and then we get our checks in the mail 
 It's fucked up, ain't it? How we can come from practically nothin' 
 To bein' able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted 
 That's why we sing for these kids who don't have a thing 
 Except for a dream and a fuckin' rap magazine (Ha-ha!) 
 Who post pin-up pictures on they walls all day long 
 Idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs 
 Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in they lives 
 So they sit and they cry at night, wishin' they'd die 
 'Til they throw on a rap record and they sit and they vibe 
 We're nothin' to you, but we're the fuckin' shit in they eyes 
 That's why we seize the moment, try to freeze it and own it 
 Squeeze it and hold it ‘cause we consider these minutes golden 
 And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone, just let our spirits 
 Live on through our lyrics that you hear in our songs, and we can… 
  
 [Chorus: Steven Tyler (& Eminem)] 
 Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!) 
 Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!) 
 Sing it with me, it's just for today 
 Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away 
  
 [Chorus: Steven Tyler (& Eminem)] 
 Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!) 
 Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!) 
 Sing it with me, it's just for today 
 Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away[Verse 1] 
 You used to say that I'd never be 
 Nothin' without you, and I'd believe 
 I'm shot in the lungs, I gasp, I can't breathe 
 Just lay here with me, baby, hold me please 
 And I'd beg and I'd plead, drop to knees 
 And I'd cry and I'd scream, "Baby, please don't leave!" 
 Snatch the keys from your hand, I would squeeze 
 And you'd laugh, and you'd tease 
 You're just fucking with me, and you must hate me 
 Why do you date me, if you say I make you sick? 
 And you've had enough of me 
 I smother you, I'm 'bout to jump off the edge 
  
 [Chorus] 
 But you won't break me 
 You'll just make me stronger than I was 
 Before I met you, I bet you I'll be just fine without you 
 And if I stumble, I won't crumble 
 I'll get back up and uhh 
 But I'ma still be humble when I scream "Fuck you!" 
 ‘Cause I'm stronger than I was 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 A beautiful face is all that you have 
 ‘Cause on the inside you're ugly and mad 
 But you're all that I love, I grasp, you can't leave 
 Please stay here with me, baby, hold me please 
 And I'd beg and I'd plead, drop to knees 
 And I'd cry and I'd scream, "Baby, please don't leave!" 
 But you left and you took everything I had left 
 And left nothin', nothin' for me 
 So, please don't wake me from this dream, baby 
 We're still together in my head 
 And you're still in love with me 
 'Til I woke up to discover that that dream was dead 
  
 [Chorus] 
 But you won't break me 
 You'll just make me stronger than I was 
 Before I met you, I bet you I'll be just fine without you 
 And if I stumble, I won't crumble 
 I'll get back up and uhh 
 But I'ma still be humble when I scream "Fuck you!" 
 ‘Cause I'm stronger than I was 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 You walked out, I almost died 
 It was almost a homicide 
 That you caused, ‘cause I was so traumatized 
 Felt like I was in for a long bus ride 
 I'd rather die than you not be by my side 
 Can't count how many times I vomited, cried 
 Go to my room, turn the radio on and hide 
 Thought we were Bonnie and Clyde 
 Nah, on the inside you were Jekyll and Hyde 
 I felt like my whole relationship with you was a lie 
 It was you and I, why did I think it was ride or die? 
 ‘Cause if you coulda took my life you woulda 
 It's like you put a knife through my chest 
 And pushed it right through to the 
 Other side of my back and stuck a spike too, shoulda 
 Put up more of a fight, but I couldn't 
 At the time, no one could hurt me like you coulda 
 Take you back now, what's the likelihood of that? 
 Bite me, bitch, chew on a nineteen footer! 
 ‘Cause this morning I finally stood up 
 Held my chin up, finally showed a sign of life in me for the 
 First time since you left 
 And left me with nothin' but shattered dreams 
 And the life we coulda had and we coulda been 
 But I'm breakin' out of this slump I'm in 
 Pullin' myself out of the dumps once again 
 I'm gettin' up once and for all—fuck this shit! 
 I'ma be late for the pity party 
 But you're never gonna beat me to the fuckin' punch again 
 Took it on the chin like a champ 
 So don't lump me in with them chump-ions 
 I'm done bein' your punching bag 
 It was the November 31st today 
 Woulda been our anniversary 
 Two years, but you left on the 1st of May 
 I wrote it on a calendar, was gonna call 
 But couldn't think of the words to say 
 But they came to me just now—so I put 'em in a verse to lay 
  
 [Bridge] 
 And I thank you, ‘cause you made me 
 A better person than I was 
 But I hate you, ‘cause you drained me 
 I gave you all, you gave me none 
 But if you blame me, you're crazy 
 And after all is said and done 
 I'm still angry, yeah, I may be 
 I may never trust someone 
  
 [Chorus] 
 But you won't break me 
 You'll just make me stronger than I was 
 Before I met you, I bet you I'll be just fine without you 
 And if I stumble, I won't crumble 
 I'll get back up and uhh 
 But I'ma still be humble when I scream "Fuck you!" 
 ‘Cause I'm stronger than I was[Intro: Eminem] 
 Yeah, tryin' to figure out the difference 
 But I think the lines are starting to get blurred 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I'm in a strange place 
 I feel like Ma$e when he gave up the game for his faith 
 I feel like I'm caged in these chains and restraints 
 Grimmin' every stranger in the place while I gaze into space 
 ‘Cause I'm mentally rearrangin' his face 
 I need a change of pace 
 ‘Cause the pace I'm workin' at's dangerous 
 There's nowhere to dump this anger, and thanks to this angst 
 I done quit chicken heads cold turkey 
 And started slowly roastin' 'em 
 ‘Cause that's where most of my anger is based 
 Fuck your feelings! I feel like I play for the Saints 
 I just wanna hurt you—aim for the skanks 
 Then aim for all these fake Kanye's 
 Jay's, Wayne's and the Drake's 
 I'm frustrated ‘cause ain't no more N'Sync, now I'm all out of whack 
 I'm all out of Backstreet Boys to call out and attack 
 I'm goin' all out in this rap shit 
 And whatever the fallout is, I'm strapped 
 For battle, sucka-duck, crawl out the back! 
 It's a bar fight, prepare your arsenal and beware of bar stools 
 Flyin' through the air and bottles breakin', mirrors also 
 And I ain't stoppin' 'til the swear jar's full 
 "You done called every woman a slut 
 But you're forgetting Sarah, Marshall (Palin)" 
 Oh, my bad, slut! And next time I show up to court 
 I'll be naked and just wear a law suit 
 Judge be like, "That's sharp 
 How much that motherfucker cost you? 
 Smart-ass, you're lucky I don't tear it off you 
 And jump your bones, you sexy motherfucker! 
 You're so fuckin' gravy, Marshall, I should start callin' you 'au jus' 
 ‘Cause all's you do is spit them lyrics out the wazoo." 
 Evil twin, take this beat now, it's all you 
 I believe people can change, but only for the worse 
 I coulda changed the world if it wasn't for this verse 
 So satanic, K-Mart chains panic 
 ‘Cause they can't even spin back the curse words 
 ‘Cause they're worse when they're reversed, motherfucker 
 Rekcufrehtom! (Rape your mother!)— Tihs! (Kill your parents!) 
 And these kids are like parrots 
 They run around the house just like terrorists 
 Screamin', "Fuck! Shit! Fuck!", adult with a childish-like arrogance 
 Wild ever since the day I came out, I was like, "Merits? 
 Fuck that! I'd rather be loud, and I like swearin'." 
 From the first album even the gals were like, "Tight lyrics! 
 Dreamy eyes!", but my fuckin' mouth was nightmarish 
 And from the start of it you felt like you were part of this and 
 Opposition felt the opposite, sometimes I listen 
 And revisit them old albums often as I can and 
 Skim through all them bitches 
 To make sure I keep up with my competition 
 Ha-ha! Hogger of beats, hoarder of rhymes 
 Borderline genius who's bored of his lines 
 And that sort of defines where I'm at and the way I feel now 
 Feel like I might just strike first, then ignore the replies 
  
 [Hook: Eminem & Royce Da 5'9"] 
 There's darkness closing in (Evil twin), there it goes again (My evil twin) 
 It controls my pen (My evil twin), but that ain't me, it's my evil twin 
 (Then I step out and see my evil twin, he gives me an evil grin) 
 But he's just a friend (Evil twin), who pops up now and again (Evil twin) 
 So don't blame me (Evil twin), just blame him, it's my evil twin 
 (Then I step out and see my evil twin, he gives me an evil grin) 
  
 [Interlude] 
 Welcome back to the land of the living, my friend 
 You have slept for quite some time 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 So, who's left? Lady Gaga? Mess with the Bieber? 
 Nah, F with Christina! 
 I ain't fuckin' with either, Jessica neither: 
 Simpson or Alba, my album's just sicker than strep with the fever 
 Get the Chloraseptic, Excedrin, Aleve, or 
 Extra Strength Tylenol 3's 
 Feel like I'm burnin' to death, but I'm freezin' 
 Bedridden and destined never to leave the 
 Bedroom ever again, like the legend of Heath-uh- 
 Ledger, my suicide notes, barely legible, read the 
 Bottom, it's signed by the Joker 
 Lorena said I never can leave her 
 She'll sever my wiener I ever deceive her 
 Fuck that shit, bitch! Give up my dick for pussy? 
 I'll be Jerry Mathers I ever left it to Beaver 
 Get them titties cut off, tryin' to mess with a cleaver 
 Golly-wally, I vent, heat register, Jesus 
 Ever since 19946 Dresden, it was definitely my 
 Destiny when on the steps, I met DeShaun 
 At Osborn, I'd never make it to sophomore 
 I just wanted to skip school and rap, used to mop floors 
 Flip burgers and wash dishes 
 While I wrote rhymes, tryin' to get props for 'em 
 ‘Cause I took book-smarts and swapped for 'em 
 They were sleepin', I made 'em stop snorin' 
 Made them break out the popcorn 
 Now I've been hip-hop in its tip-top form 
 Since N.W.A was blarin' through my car windows 
 Leanin' on the horn, screamin' "Fuck the police!" like cop porn 
 Flipped rap on its ear like I dropped corn 
 Fuck top five, bitch, I'm top four 
 And that includes Biggie and Pac, whore 
 And I got an evil twin 
 So who the fuck you think that third and that fourth spot's for? 
 And crazy as I am, I'm much tamer than him 
 And I'm nuts, then again, who the fuck wants a plain Eminem? 
 But no one's insaner than Slim, look at that (evil grin) 
 (Evil twin) please come in, what was your name again? 
 Hi! Faggot! Look who's back 
 With a crab up his ass like a lobster crawled up there 
 Two rabbits, a koala bear, and a ball of hair 
 And you're all aware I don't got it all upstairs 
 Guess that's why I'm an addict and it's so small up there 
 Peace to Whitney, jeez, it just hit me 
 That I should call the Looney Police to come get me 
 ‘Cause I'm so sick of bein' the truth 
 I wish someone'd finally admit me 
 To a mental hospital with Britney 
 Oh, LMFAO, no way, Jo- 
 -se Baez couldn't beat this rap—O.J., no 
 Hooray, I'm off the hook like Casey Anthony, hey ho 
 (Hey-ho!) I sound like I'm tryin' to sing 
 The fuckin' chorus to "Hip Hop Hooray"? No 
 I’m hollerin', you got bottom-end like an 8-0- 
 8 and I 'base' whether we're fuckin' off that instead of your face so 
 Let your low-end raise, yo 
 Tango, what you think, ho? Slow dancin' or bowling? 
 You tryin' to hold hands with your homie? 
 What, you think I'm lookin' for romance ‘cause I'm lonely? 
 Change that tune, you ain't got a remote chance to control me 
 Ho, I'm only vulnerable when I got a boner 
 Superman, try to fuck me over, it won't hurt 
 Don't try to fix me, I'm broke, so I don't work 
 So are you, but you're broke ‘cause you don't work 
 But all bullshit aside, I hit a stride 
 Still Shady inside, hair every bit as dyed 
 As it used to be when I first introduced y'all to my skittish side 
 And blamed it on him when they tried to criticize 
 ‘Cause we are the same, bitch![Verse 1] 
 And I started from the bottom 
 Like a snowman—ground-up 
 Like round chuck, and still put hands on you 
 Stayin' wound up is how I spend time (Get it?) 
 Sucker free, confidence high 
 Such a breeze when I pen rhymes 
 I just got that air about me like wind chimes (Yeah) 
 'Nother day in the life (Uh) 
 Used to have to scrape to get by (Yeah) 
 Now my community's gated and I 
 Made it and my neighbors say hi (Say hi) 
 I'm givin' 'em pounds, I'm upscale now 
 Guess it means I'm way in the sky (Way in the sky) 
 But I still remember the days of 
 Minimum wage for general labor 
 Welfare recipient since a minor 
 Look how government assistance has made ya! 
 Adversity, if at first you don't succeed 
 Put your temper to more use 
 'Cause bein' broke's a poor excuse 
 That should only give you more fuel 
 Show 'em why you're you 
 So close, God, it's like I almost got it 
 But close only counts in time, bombs and horseshoes 
 So I Unabomb shit—tick, tick, tick—no remorse, pew! 
 Screw it, I'm lit, and that attitude I blew up on quick 
 That's why they call me firecracker 
 I grew up on WIC—wick, wick, wick—with a short fuse 
 I got some important news to report to 
 Anyone who thought I was done: nah bitch, not quite 
 Spotlight's back on, got my faith, where's yours? 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Do you still believe in me? 
 Didn't I give everything I had to give you to make you see? 
 I'll never forget if you turn your back on me now 
 And walk out, I will never let you live it down 
 I'll never quit, do you still believe in me? 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Man, I know sometimes 
 These thoughts can be harsh and cold as ice 
 To me they're just ink blots 
 I just fling 'em like slingshots and so precise 
 So you might wanna think it over twice (Yeah) 
 Or you retards can roll the dice 
 But beef will at least cost you your career 
 'Cause even my cheap shots are overpriced 
 But this middle finger's free as a bird 
 Nuke warhead at birth, hugest forehead on Earth 
 Too short for the verse, studied his formula, learned 
 How to incorporate a curse 
 Point it towards corporate America 
 Stick a fork in and turn 
 'Cause four-letter words are more better heard 
 The world force-fed a turd to me, you're getting yours 
 But sometimes I overdo it, but I just get so into it 
 I was there consolin' you when no one knew it 
 When your situation showed no improvement 
 I was that door, you walked over to it 
 I'm the light at the end of the tunnel 
 So people are always lookin' to me as they're goin' through it 
 When that tunnel vision is unclear 
 Shit becomes too much to bear 
 Since "Cleanin' Out My Closet" 
 When I was havin' trouble with the snare 
 I'm that unrealistic prayer answered 
 And I'ma get you jacked up like you're tryna fix a flat, uh 
 When you struggle with despair 
 That double-fisted, bare-knuckles coupled with this pair 
 Of nuts I'm cuppin', I am your 'fuck it' switch, nothin' can compare 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Do you still believe in me? 
 Didn't I give everything I had to give you to make you see? 
 I'll never forget if you turn your back on me now 
 And walk out, I will never let you live it down 
 I'll never quit, do you still believe in me? 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Started from the bottom like a snowman 
 Oh man, put that in your corncob pipe and smoke that 
 But my battery's low, I'ma need a boost to my pack 
 And I know that I always got Proof at my back 
 I called you "Proof" because I knew for a fact 
 My ace in the hole, homie, I'm callin' on you 
 'Cause I think I'm slowly startin' to lose faith in it, so 
 Give me that inkling and mo– 
 –tivation to go, Hussein with the flow 
 Fake fans that are two-faced didn't show 
 Let heartbeats loop, produce hate in my soul 
 Layin' vocals two days in a row 
 True statement, hate to go down this road 
 But there's only one route to cross this bridge 
 So I walk in this bitch with loose change 
 'Cause all my dues paid, but this booth's takin' its toll 
 But it's never too late to start a new beginnin' 
 That goes for you too, so what the fuck you gon' do? 
 Use the tools you're given! 
 Or you're gon' use the cards you're dealt 
 As an excuse for you to not do shit with 'em? 
 I used to play the loser/victim 
 'Til I saw the way Proof was driven 
 I found my vehicle and I haven't ran out of gas yet 
 And when they stacked decks, turn handicaps into assets 
 Fanny packs, hourglasses 
 If time was on my side, I'd still have none to waste 
 Man, in my younger days 
 That dream was so much fun to chase 
 It's like I'd run in place 
 While this shit dangled in front of my face 
 But how do you keep up the pace 
 And the hunger pangs once you've won the race? 
 When that dual exhaust is coolin' off 
 'Cause you don't got nothin' left to prove at all 
 'Cause you done already hit 'em with the coup de grâce 
 Still you feel the need to go full tilt 
 That Bruce Willis, that Blue Steel, that true skill 
 When that wheel's loose, I won't lose will 
 Do you still believe?Pt. I 
  
 [Intro] 
 Hands up, officer don’t shoot 
 Then pull your pants up, promise you won't loot 
 We may never understand each other, it’s no use 
 We ain’t ever gonna grasp what each other goes through 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Black boy, black boy, we ain't gonna lie to you 
 Black boy, black boy, we don't like the sight of you 
 Pull up on the side of you 
 Window rolled down, 'profile' 
 Then we wonder why we see this side of you 
 Probably comin' from the dope house 
 We could let you slide but your tail light is blew, out 
 We know you're hidin' that Heidi Klum 
 On you another drug charge, homie, it's back inside for you 
 And just in case a chase might ensue, we got that tried and true 
 Pistol drew right at you, we'd be delighted to unload it 
 In your back, then walk up and lay that taser on the side of you 
 Fucked up, but what the fuck am I to do? 
 I keep tellin' myself, keep doin' like you're doin' 
 No matter how many lives you ruin 
 It's for the red, white and blue 
 Time to go find a new one and split his head right in two 
 No one's ever indicted you 
 Why? 'Cause you're a... 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem & Cheech and Chong] 
 White boy, white boy, you're a rockstar 
 My momma talkin' to me, tryna tell me how to live 
 White boy, white boy, in your cop car 
 But I don't listen to her, 'cause my head is like a sieve 
 White boy, white boy, you're untouchable 
 The world's coming to an end, I don't even care 
 Nobody can tell me shit 'cause I'm a big rockstar 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Black boy, black boy, we don't get your culture and 
 We don't care what our government's done to fuck you over, man 
 Don't tell us your attitude's a result of that 
 Balderdash, where’d you get the chip on your shoulder at? 
 Why you kicking that soda can? 
 Pull your pants up, we 'bout to roll up and 
 Throw your ass in the van cuffed 
 You don't have to know our plans or what our intentions are 
 Our cards are close to our chest, you better show your hands 
 And put our minds more at ease 
 Or get shot in the thyroid, comply or die, boy 
 We're fightin' a crime war, here come the swine 
 Tryna clean up the streets from all these minorities 
 That's what we call 'em pigsties for 
 They're like eyesores to police 
 Talk to you like just a piece of trash 
 Feels like we're stuck in a time warp to me 
 As I kick these facts and get these mixed reactions 
 As this beat backspins, it's like we're drifting back in 
 To the sixties, having black skin is risky 
 'Cause this keeps happening 
 Throughout history, African-Americans have been treated like shit 
 And I admit, there have been times where it's been embarrassin' to be a... 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem & Cheech and Chong] 
 White boy, white boy, you're a rockstar 
 My momma talkin' to me, tryna tell me how to live 
 White boy, white boy, in your cop car 
 But I don't listen to her, 'cause my head is like a sieve 
 White boy, white boy, you're untouchable 
 The world's coming to an end, I don't even care 
 Nobody can tell me shit 'cause I'm a big rockstar 
  
 Pt. II 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Seems like the average lifespan of a white man 
 Is more than twice than a black life span 
 I wonder sometimes if it has a price scanner 
 I feel like checking out on life, can't escape this circumstance 
 I'd rather hear 'em say "Die N-word" than Die Antwoord 
 Ninja, now it's better disguised banter 
 But that's life, strapped 'cause we're strapped financially 
 And can't find answers 
 We're applying, but McDonald's 
 Seems to be the only franchise that'll hire 
 So how can we have higher standards? 
 As Dallas overshadows the battle for Black Lives Matter 
 We fight back with violence but acts like that are 
 Black eyes on the movement 
 Which makes black lives madder 
 At cops and cops madder 
 That's why it's at a stalemate 
 And can't arrive at a compromise so it's Black Ops 
 I wonder if we hire more black cops, the crap stops 
 The block is our backyards, officers, not the crack spot 
 Call the attack dogs off of us, man 
 You always act all pissed off at us at a traffic stop 
 And bad cops fuck it up for the good cops, and man, stop 
 Sendin' white cops in the black neighborhoods 
 Who ain't acclimated to 'em, like that's the way to do it 
 Who seen some fuckin' videos of rappers waving guns 
 And know nobody black so they act afraid of us 
 And that's racism, the fear that a black face gives 'em 
 A subconscious racist 
 Wait, why are there black neighborhoods? 
 'Cause America segregated us, designated us to an area 
 Separated us, Section-Eight'd us 
 When we tear it up’s the only time attention’s paid to us 
 And education sucks, and every day's another 
 Freddie Gray for us, a levy breaks or fuzz 
 Why is it they treat us like dryer lint? 
 We just want a safe environment for our kids 
 But can’t escape the sirens 
 Don’t take a scientist to see our violent nature lies in 
 The poverty that we face so the crime rate’s the highest in 
 The lowest classes, it's like a razor wire fence 
 And we’re trapped in these racial biases 
 That plague our society which makes our anxiety levels raise 
 Every time we see a devil’s face 
 Lions, tigers, and bears, oh my 
 It's more like billy clubs and gats 
 And we really love it when you think we’re guilty ‘cause we’re black 
 "But you kill each other, facts 
 You peel each other's caps, for silly stuff like hats” 
 Single mother strugglin’ through substance abuse 
 While people with nothin' to lose shoot each other for shoes 
 Fuck your Republican views 
 Pull ourselves up by our bootstraps, where the fuck are the boots? 
 And streets act as a narrator, don't gotta read comics 
 Or be that into characters, just to see that, just to be black 
 You better be strapped with a derringer 
 Or be “capped in America” like Steve Rogers 
 'Cause no one oversees these cops and 
 All we see is 'em beat charges 
 We done seen 'em beat Rodney King unconscious, and got off 
 So we don't need all you crooked police officers' peace offerings 
 Just keep marchin', 'til we reach congress 
 But they're gonna say you're tryin' to take an irrational stance 
 If you try to slander the flag but 
 Somebody has to be the sacrificial lamb 
 So they call it a Kaepernick tantrum 
 If you don't stand for the national anthem 
 We raise it, you better praise it 
 Or you'll be made to feel like a traitor, we'll 
 Treat you like Rodney Dangerfield 
 Home of the brave is still racist 'ville 
 So this whole nation feels like a plantation field 
 In a country that claims that its foundation was based on United States ideals 
 That had its Natives killed 
 Got you singin' this star-spangled spiel 
 To a piece of cloth that represents the "Land of the Free" that made people slaves to build[Produced by Statik Selektah] 
  
 [Hook: Dej Loaf] 
 Tell 'em, if they want it 
 They can come get that (static) 
 I swear I love my city 
 I just want less (static) 
 See me, they salute me 
 They ain't ready for that (static) 
 Detroit vs. Everybody 
  
 [Verse 1: Royce Da 5'9"] 
 I took a bite out the rotten apple by the poison tree 
 All these females need to email to make noise 
 And now things changin' a lot 
 He fuck with my authority 
 Then he shall see shells, but not by the seashore 
 If he gang bangin' or not 
 It's simple as the alphabet 
 He F with me, that G shall surely see 
 He definitely as 'bout it as retail fraud, he's sweet 
 The honest gesture 
 The trigger finger 'round the diamond tester 
 We tell flaw with heat 
 The same soldier, it's me, myself and I 
 Ridin' 'round shootin' my biopic in my autobiography 
 Range Rover, this ain't the squash beef state 
 You thinkin' make-up, we thinkin' Lark Voorhies face 
 The twin Eagles'll air his coupe 
 Might as well ride by in an ambulance 
 My pair'll shoot, like skydivin' in Hammer pants 
 So call it siblin' rivalry 
 Take his life; call it the unforgivable robbery 
 A wise man told me that holdin' a grudge is like lettin' somebody just live inside of your head rent-free (Real talk!) 
 I don't got time to evict these clowns 
 Y'all niggas been bitches 
 That's none of my business, but I don't sip tea (It's Nickel) 
 Ridin' 'round his block; all he know is pitfalls 
 That's why he's always climbin' out his drop 
 (I got a question) Do you wanna ride or die? 
 (Welcome to Detroit, motherfucka!) (Sean Don…) 
  
 [Verse 2: Big Sean] 
 Boy, I need no halves and halves, I want the game in entirety 
 Hundred percent cut; no stitches required 
 Welcome to Detroit, where if you get that promotion 
 Don't worry, man, them bullets will still be at your ass firin' 
 I still call it safe, I would suck if I was umpirin' 
 Boy, I hit the beat, I just treat that shit like a diary 
 I'm offended if you hear my new shit 
 And you ain't rewindin' me 
 Self-made, I never needed your bail or a wire, see 
 I'm never callin' collect, I call to collect 
 My homie wanted a Chevy, so I put my dog in the 'Vette 
 Ahh! Plus I'm so loyal that that paper, boy, is all that I fetch 
 If the ball in my hand, then the ball in the net 
 Bitch, I'm the D, can't no offense dunk on me 
 I'm Mr. Big Shot, these hoes get drunk off me 
 I'm overrespected 
 My mama gated community's overprotective 
 So futuristic I'm already over my next bitch 
 Reminiscin' on listenin' to 50 fifty times a day 
 Back when tenth grade was like fifty days away 
 Tryna get paid fifty ways a day 
 Used to put fifty on the layaway 
 Now my closet fifty shades of grey 
 26, and I done lived a lifetime a few times 
 From futons to Grey Poupons 
 In church, tryna get a little savings, yeah, a coupon 
 I spit that A1 every day, I'm hittin' new primes 
 Now the stakes high, niggas surprised at the new lines 
 Takin' down my number, like, "You still ain't got a new line?" 
 Nah, it's the same, we been laborin' for years 
 I know it took way longer than nine months 
 But fuck it, it's all in due time 
 I turned a blunt to a roach, with dreams of bein' a Beatle 
 Don't want to, I need to, ya gotta learn to keep it cerebral 
 When you come up in a place 
 Where everyone got a piece but ain't peaceful 
 This is just part one, wait 'til the sequel, lil' bitch! 
  
 [Hook: Dej Loaf] 
 Tell 'em, if they want it 
 They can come get that (static) 
 I swear I love my city 
 I just want less (static) 
 See me, they salute me 
 They ain't ready for that (static) 
 Detroit vs. Everybody 
  
 [Verse 3: Danny Brown] 
 Comin' from them streets where they thirsty, starvin' to eat 
 Just a step away from failin', that's why they call it the D 
 Arguably the whole reason for all of this honesty 
 Honestly no honor roll, but honored up in them streets 
 ‘Cause I'm a Linwood nigga, them young niggas hit ya 
 Put a stack on your head, you'll bleed a lake on Grand River 
 If you think your hood harder, then I might beg to differ 
 Know some killers pull the trigger for a Swisher and Miller 
 If the blicka hit ya kisser, bet yo' ass not rememberin' 
 They say my city's tougher than two fat bitches scissorin' 
 So, nigga, I'm a veteran, retire my letterman 
 Have K's in front of your school, but I ain't goin' to Kettering 
 Cough up a lung, 313 where I'm from 
 Xan got me cross-eyed like Bernstein’s son 
 Any nigga try to copy, put a hole in his top 
 It's us vs. them, Detroit vs. Everybody 
  
 [Verse 4: Eminem] 
 Lately it seems as if it's me against 
 The world, like it was before my life became a movie and they used to use my mothafuckin' trailer to tease me with 
 But I flipped that script like a refill of 
 Painkillers to pop the lid off that safety seal 
 It made me feel amazing, Navy SEAL of bravery 
 And if I may reiterate, I ain't even need a script 
 Ain't bein' conceited, but I made it to radio—eat a dick! 
 I still never ABC this shit 
 Mainstream appeal, but the skill is what made me iller 
 Since before they called Jay Dee Dilla 
 I was daydreamin' one day I would be the shit 
 And if I ever end up escapin' these streets 
 I swear that I would stay here still 
 And if I'm crazy, I'll always be real 
 Don't make me steal an eighteen-wheeler 
 Break all of my friends out of here 
 And take 'em straight to the Mercedes dealer 
 Peel off back to the same block that we came from 
 On a rampage too crazy for me to flip 
 What's makin' you think I need a switch? 
 ‘Cause I'm Adrian Peterson 
 When he's ragin' and heated and 
 On the way to go beat his kid? 
 On a track get spanked like he just did 
 (Detroit!) I can't never leave this bitch 
 Sick of bein' treated like we ain't shit 
 But Jesus, I can see just why people quit callin' me to do features and them cyphers on BET, ‘cause if 
 I wasn't me I probably wouldn't 
 Want to play with me neither, shit 
 Seems to be reachin' its fever pitch 
 Hundred and eighty degrees in here 
 Shoulder blade full of cedar chips 
 MC's just bit off more than they can chew 
 Like a face full of Swedish Fish 
 Or Lorena with two penises 
 Hateful and geniusness inconvenience 
 And for the record, you don't want this type of static 
 In your life, when I'm makin' you cling to it 
 May consider tryin' to reinsulate your windows 
 May be in for another crazy winter 
 ‘Cause so cold in the D, it is 
 As days begin to tick away, but ain't this really 
 What made me into the angry bitter blonde? 
 But ain't we sick of bein' underdogs? 
 Don't make me unleash this shit, release this pit 
 May even seem as if I'm yankin' your chain a bit 
 Or maybe the way in which I'm sayin' shit 
 Is playin' with you, but ain't shit changin' 
 It's still the same shit and Shady's still a lady killer 
 Since the day I went insane and then attacked the babysitter 
 With a potato peeler 
 And mushed her face into the entertainment center 
 It's like another plane just entered into Ukraine again 
 Or the Bermuda Triangle and 
 Attempted to make a safe descent 
 Awaiting anyone who ain't affiliated, it could be danger 
 Did you make arrangements with the gangsters 'fore you came here? And if they mention us… 
  
 [Hook: Dej Loaf] 
 Tell 'em, if they want it 
 They can come get that (static) 
 I swear I love my city 
 I just want less (static) 
 See me, they salute me 
 They ain't ready for that (static) 
 Detroit vs. Everybody 
  
 [Outro: Trick Trick] 
 What up though? It's the godfather Trick Trick 
 You either ridin' with us or gettin' rolled on 
 That means Detroit vs. Everybody!! 
 Hey, Em, let me get that instrumental 
 Take it down to the hood 
 Let the little homies get this remix crackin'! 
 Detroit! Okay![Intro] 
 You fuckin' groupie! 
 Pick up the goddamn phone! 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Bitch, where the fuck were you Tuesday? 
 With who you say? 
 I wasn't at the studio, bitch, what'd you do? Screw Dre? 
 You went there lookin' for me? Boo, that excuse is too lame 
 Keep playin' me, you're gonna end up with a huge goose egg 
 You fake, lyin' slut, you never told me you knew Drake 
 And Lupe? You wanna loose two legs? 
 You tryin' to flip this on me? 
 If I spent more time with you, you say 
 "Okay, yeah, and I'm coo-coo, eh?", well, screw you 
 And I'll be the third person who screwed you today 
 Oh, fourth—Dre, Drake, Lupe—oohm, touché 
 You were too two-faced for me 
 Thought you was my number one true-blue ace, but you ain't 
 And I can't see you when you make that wittle boo-boo face 
 'Cause I'm hanging up this phone, boo 
 You make my fuckin' Bluetooth ache 
 You're feeling blue? Too late; go smurf yourself! 
 You make me wanna smurf and puke blue Kool Aid 
 Here's what you say to someone you hate 
  
 [Chorus] 
 My life would be so much better 
 If you just dropped dead 
 I was layin' in bed last night, thinkin' 
 And then this thought just popped in my head 
 And I thought, wouldn't shit 
 Just be a lot easier if you dropped dead? 
 I would feel so much, much better 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Think I just relapsed, this bitch pushed me over the brink 
 Hop on the freeway tryna get some time alone and just think 
 'Til the cops pulled me over 
 But they let me go, 'cause I told 'em I'm only drivin' drunk 
 'Cause that bitch drove me to drink 
 I'm back on my fuck hoes, with a whole new hatred for blondes 
 But bias? I hate all bitches the same, baby, come on! 
 Excuse the pun, but bitch is such a broad statement, and I'm 
 Channelin' my anger through every single station that's on 
 'Cause a woman broke my he-art 
 I say he-art 'cause she ripped it in two pa-arts 
 And threw it in the garbage; who do you think you a-are? 
 Bitch, guess it's time for me to get the dust off 
 And pick myself up off the carpet 
 But I'll never say the L-word again 
 I Lo-Lo-Lo-Lo… Lesbian! Aaahhh! 
 I hope you hear this song and go into a cardiac arrest 
 My life'd be so much better if you just— 
  
 [Chorus] 
 My life would be so much better 
 If you just dropped dead 
 I was layin' in bed last night, thinkin' 
 And then this thought just popped in my head 
 And I thought, wouldn't shit 
 Just be a lot easier if you dropped dead? 
 I would feel so much, much better 
  
 [Bridge] 
 'Cause you told me 
 You'd love me forever 
 Bitch, that was a lie 
 Now I never wanted someone 
 To die so bad in my fuckin' life 
 But fuck it, there’s other fish in the sea 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 And I'ma have a whale of a time, bein' a single sailor 
 For the night, bitch, on a scale of 
 One to ten, shit, I must be the Holy Grail of 
 Catches, ho, I got an Oscar 
 Attached to my fuckin' name (De La) 
 I might hit the club, find a chick that's tailor- 
 Made for me, say fuck it 
 Kick some shots back, get hammered, and nail her 
 These bitches tryin' to get attached, but they're failin' 
 To latch onto the tail of 
 My bumper, they're scratchin' at the back of my trailer 
 Like I'm itchin' to get hitched 
 Yeah, I'm rich as a bitch 
 But bitches ain't shit, I'd rather leave a bitch in a ditch 
 Bitch, you complain when you listen to this 
 But you still throw yourself at me: that's what I call pitchin' a bitch 
 That's why I'm swingin' at this chicks on-site 
 Long as I got a bat and two balls it's foul, but my dick's on strike 
 So all that love shit is null and void, bitch, I'm a droid 
 I avoid Cupid, stupid! Wasn't for blow jobs, you'd be unemployed 
 Oye-yoy-yoy, man-oh-man, your boy-boy-boy's 
 Gettin' sick of these girls-girls-girls, oink-oink-oink 
 You fuckin' pigs, all you're good for is doink-doink-doink 
 I got 99 problems and a bitch ain't one 
 She's all 99 of 'em, I need a machine gun 
 I'll take 'em all out, I hope you hear this song 
 And go into a cardiac arrest, have a heart attack and just 
 Drop dead, and I'ma throw a fuckin' party after this, 'cause yes 
  
 [Chorus] 
 My life would be so much better 
 If you just dropped dead (I hate you) 
 I was layin' in bed last night, thinkin' 
 And then this thought just popped in my head (you made me like this way) 
 And I thought, wouldn't shit 
 Just be a lot easier if you dropped dead? (bitch) 
 I would feel so much, much better 
  
 [Outro] 
 I'm just playin', bitch 
 You know I love you[Intro] 
 You know, I just don't get it 
 Last year I was nobody, this year I'm selling records 
 Now everybody wants to come around 
 Like I owe 'em somethin' 
 The fuck you want from me, 10 million dollars? 
 Get the fuck outta here 
  
 [Hook 1] 
 You see, I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers) 
 I'm just a regular guy 
 I don't know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me) 
 Nobody ever gave a fuck before 
 All they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me) 
 Now everybody wanna run their mouth 
 And try to take shots at me (Take shots at me) 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Yo, you might see me joggin', you might see me walkin' 
 You might see me walkin' a dead Rottweiler dog 
 With its head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar 
 Hollerin' at him 'cause the son of a bitch won't quit barkin' 
 Or leanin' out a window with a cocked shotgun 
 Drivin' up the block in the car that they shot Pac in 
 Looking for Big's killers, dressin' ridiculous 
 Blue and red, like I don't see what the big deal is 
 Double barrel 12-gauge bigger than Chris Wallace 
 Pissed off 'cause Biggie and Pac just missed all this 
 Watchin' all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em 
 And get dollars that shoulda been theirs like they switched wallets 
 And amidst all this Crist' poppin' and wrist watches 
 I just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous 
 And walk around with an empty bottle of Remy Martin 
 Startin' shit like some 26 year old skinny Cartman (Goddamn it!) 
 An anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin 
 Whose instinct's to kill *NSYNC, don't get me started 
 These fuckin' brats can't sing and Britney's garbage 
 What's this bitch, retarded? Give me back my 16 dollars! 
 All I see is sissies in magazines smilin' 
 Whatever happened to wilin' out and being violent? 
 Whatever happened to catchin' 
 A good old-fashioned passionate ass-whoopin' 
 And gettin' your shoes, coat and your hat tooken 
  
 [Bridge] 
 New Kids on the Block suck a lot of dick 
 Boy/girl groups make me sick 
 And I can't wait 'til I catch all you faggots in public 
 I'ma love it (Hahaha) 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Vanilla Ice don't like me (Uh-uh) 
 He said some shit in Vibe to spite me (Yo) 
 Then went and dyed his hair just like me (Haha) 
 A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me 
 And run around screamin' "I don't care, just bite me!" (Na-na) 
 I think I was put here to annoy the world 
 And destroy your little four year old boy or girl 
 Plus I was put here to put fear in faggots who spray Faygo Root Beer 
 And call themselves clowns ‘cause they look queer 
 Faggy 2 Dope and Silent Gay 
 Claimin' Detroit, when y'all live 20 miles away (Fuckin' punks) 
 And I don't wrestle, I'll knock you fuckin' faggots the fuck out 
 Ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out 
 After they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out 
 Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck — blaow! 
 Look at y'all runnin' your mouth again 
 When you ain't seen a fuckin' mile road south of 10 
 And I don't need help from D12 to beat up two females 
 In make-up who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails 
 "Slim Anus"? You damn right, slim anus 
 I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flamin' faggots 
  
 [Hook 2] 
 'Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers) 
 I'm not a wrestler guy 
 I'll knock you out if you talk about me (You talk about me) 
 Come and see me on the streets alone 
 If you assholes doubt me (Assholes doubt me) 
 And if you wanna run your mouth 
 Then come take your best shot at me (Best shot at me) 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me? 
 You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy 
 Now because of this blonde mop that's on top 
 Of this fucked up head that I've got, I've gone pop? 
 The underground just spunned around and did a 360 
 Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies 
 "Oh, he just did some shit with Missy 
 So now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with MC Get-Bizzy" 
 My fuckin' bitch mom's suin' for 10 million 
 She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealin' 
 Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit? 
 All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress 
 Which is it, bitch: Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers? 
 It doesn't matter, **** ******** **** ******'* * faggot 
 Talkin' about I fabricated my past 
 He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass (Ugh!) 
 So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do? 
 For every million I make, another relative sues 
 Family fightin' and fussin' over who wants to invite me to supper 
 All of a sudden I got 90-some cousins (Hey it's me!) 
 A half-brother and sister who never seen me 
 Or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV 
 Now everybody's so happy and proud 
 I'm finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriend's house (Hey!) 
 And then to top it off I walked to the news stand 
 To buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp 
 Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast 
 And what do I see? A picture of my big white ass 
 Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help 
 Uh, here, "XXL! XXL!" 
 Now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell 
 Aw, fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself 
  
 [Hook 1] 
 'Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers) 
 I'm just a regular guy 
 I don't know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me) 
 Nobody ever gave a fuck before 
 All they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me) 
 Now everybody wanna run their mouth 
 And try to take shots at me (Take shots at me) 
 Because I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers) 
 I'm just a regular guy 
 I don't know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me) 
 Nobody ever gave a fuck before 
 All they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me) 
 Now everybody wanna run their mouth 
 And try to take shots at me (Take shots at me)Jumped out of the 2nd floor of a record store 
 With a Treacherous Four cassette and a cassette recorder 
 In Ecuador with Edward Norton 
 Witness the metamorphosis 
 Of a legend growin' like an expert swordsman 
 From the Hessian war and 
 Hence the origin of the Headless Horseman 
 Born with the endorphins of a pathetic orphan 
 Endless source and reservoir 
 Of extension cords in dresser drawers 
 And deadbolts on the bedroom doors 
 And sexual torture kits kept in a separate storage bin 
 Excellent boyfriend 
  
 Use intercourse to settle scores 
 With women who have vendettas towards men 
 Dickhead is forced in 'til there's shredded foreskin 
 Reddish torn and they're only bein' fed a portion 
 Bed sores and sore shins 
 Pregnant whores can get abortions 
 Fetish for stickin' metal forks in, self-absorption 
 Skeletor, I went to Hell and fell a floor 
 A predator, I'm headed for competitors 
 Better warn 'em, what I lack in tact and a set of morals 
 I make up for in metaphors like a cosmetic store 
 Stegosaurus, Chuck Norris with a thesaurus 
 Yes, of course, a mess of warrants 
 You want some? Come and get some, boys! 
 I'm givin' Daniel Pantaleo a refresher course 
 On excessive force and pressure points 
 And dressin' George Zimmerman in a fluorescent orange 
 Dress and four inch heels to address the court 
 With a bullseye on his back, his whole chest and torso 
 Are left on the doorsteps of Trayvon's dad as a present for him 
  
 In my present form I'm Desert Storm 
 Appetite for destruction there's no suppressant for 
 Aggressive, forceful, and less remorseful in every morsel 
 Unpleasant, horrible; hello, gorgeous! 
 The rebel with devil horns just fell off the yellow short bus 
 Met a contortionist, said, "When you wanna get sexual?" 
 She said, "However I fit in your schedule. I'm flexible." 
 Expired tags on the Saturn, got Catherine Bach 
 In the back in Daisy Dukes with the hazards on 
 At a traffic stop gettin' harassed, sign an autograph 
 For this asshole cop's daughter 
 Laugh 'cause I called her a brat on it 
 He spat on it and brought it back lookin' half in shock 
 Had a heart attack and dropped dead 
 Started fallin' back with it 
 And got slapped with a Colin Kaepernick practice sock 
  
 One ball and half a dick, Apple Watch 
 Crack front axle, walked in a Bass Pro Shop with David Hasselhoff, pulled Tabasco sauce out of my satchel 
 Knocked over a fisherman's tackle box and *crash sound* 
 Asked if they had a laugh in stock 
 That was fuckin' stupid… 
  
 You got it twisted, all 'cause I offered this bitch 
 A doggie biscuit, you call me misogynistic 
 Bitch, get to massagin' this dick! 
 Like spas in this bitch, slob on it with gobs of lipstick 
 Got a shoppin' list for you to run some odds and ends with 
 It's not a bitch on this earth I can be monogamous with 
 She's non-existent 
 Robin Thicke with a throbbin' dick on some suave and slick shit 
 But I shout derogatives at bitches like fuckin' missile launches 
 Misfit, blond and nitwit 
 Like I've gone ballistic, with a frostin' tip kit 
 Screamed, "I hate blondes," and became one, I'm optimistic 
 Love to start shit 
 Shovin' Clark Kent's undergarments in the glove compartment 
 Of the bucket, bumpin' Bubba Sparxxx 
 I'm double parkin' up at Targets, trouble causer, a double crosser 
 Shadiest mothafucka you'll ever come across 
 Olympic gymnast, been known for some assaults 
 A couple lawsuits, enough to cause a stomach ulcer 
 Same damn brain scan results as Rainman's is 
 Something's off, but when Dustin Hoffman's 
 Dressin' up in your mummy costume 
 On stage dancin' to "Brain Damage," what's the problem? 
 Nothing's wrong, the name brand is back to reclaim status 
 Run the faucet, I'ma dunk 
 A bunch of Trump supporters underwater 
 Snuck up on 'em in Ray-Bans in a gray van with a spray tan 
 It's a wrap, like an ACE bandage 
 Don't-give-a-fuck persona, to my last DNA strand 
 E&J in the waistband, at the VMAs with the stagehand 
 She wants kielbasa, pre-arrange an escape plan 
 Three-inch blade on point, like a See-and-Say 
 Consider me a dangerous man 
 But you should be afraid of this dang candidate 
 You say Trump don't kiss ass like a puppet 
 'Cause he runs his campaign with his own cash for the fundin' 
 And that's what you wanted 
 A fuckin' loose cannon who's blunt with his hand on the button 
 Who doesn't have to answer to no one—great idea! 
  
 If I was president, gettin' off is 
 The first order of business, once I get in office 
 Second thing that'll make me happy's walkin' up to Uncle Sam 
 Naked, laughin', dick cupped in hand 
 Screamin', "Fuck safe sex!" 
 Throw a latex and an AIDS test at him 
 Tell Congress I run this land 
 And I want the rubber banned, and make it snappy 
 Addiction to friction and static 
 Addict who can't escape the habit 
 Continue to chase the dragon 
 But as fate would have it, I walked up in Major Magics 
 Dressed as the maintenance man 
 In a laser tag vest and a racin' jacket 
 With a gauge to blast it 
 And sped away in the station wagon 
 Stacey Dash's and Casey Anthony's 
 Crazy asses in the backseat 
 Throwin' Stayfree pads at me 
 Dead passenger in the passenger seat 
 Unfasten the safety latches 
 And slam on the brakes in traffic so hard 
 I snapped the relocation brackets for the monster tires 
 'Finna get a murder case and catch it 
 Like you threw it at me encased in plastic 
  
 And send Dylann Roof through the windshield of the Benz 
 Until he spins like a pinwheel and begins feelin'... 
 Like a windmiller with a thin build while his skin's peelin' 
 And skids 'til he hits a cement pillar 
 Swing for the fence like Prince Fielder 
 Knock it into the upper peninsula 
 You wanna go against 'zilla? The Rap God 
 When will I quit? Never been realer 
 The in-stiller of fear, not even a scintilla of doubt 
 Whose pens iller than Prince in a chinchilla 
 Or Ben Stiller in a suspense thriller 
 Revenge killer, avenge syllable binge 
 Fill a syringe, 'til I 
 Draw first blood 
 Even pop shit on my pop shit, and it's popular 
 Couldn't be more awkwarder 
 Cause you're innocence I robbed you of 
 It's my fingers that got stuck up 
 Taught ya ta, not give a 
 Slapstick, hockey puck 
 The broad hunter with the sawed off 
 Like an arm when it's lopped off of ya 
 But I'm not gonna, get the shotgun 
 Or the Glock, I'm gonna opt for the ox 
 Cause I'm into objects that are sharp when I shop 
 And it's not a shock, I'm such an obnoxious fucker 
 The Rock Hudson of rock 'cause who would have thought 
 This much of a cocksucker to go across the buttocks of Vivica Fox with a box cutter 
 That was for 50, little slap on the wrist be warned 
 I'm unravelin' quickly 
 My squabbles, I'm grappling with your time traveling with me 
 Try and follow, as I wobble, relapse into history, with a flask of the whiskey 
 Tip it back then I'm twisting wine bottles 
 Like what happened to Chris Reeve's spine column 
 That's the plan of attack when I'm fixing my problems 
 Wish my chest wasn't having to get these rhymes off 'em 
 But the fact that I have so many rappers against me mind boggles 
 And why I haven't come back on these faggots who diss me is 
 More of a spectacular mystery than a fucking Agatha Christie crime novel 
  
 But my patience is wearing thin 
 Swear I been contemplatin' rubbing shit in your face 'til I smear it in 
 Diss you in every lyric until you fear the pen 
 And never appear again 
 If you actually had fuckin' careers to end 
 But then I think of Molly Qerim and I steer 'em in that direction and forget my ideas for them 
 Molly, I'm gone off you 
 Man, light some kush 
 You're my first take, I'll nail you 
 Can't lie, I gush 
 If I won you over, you would be the grand prize 
 I'm entranced by your looks, come and give the Shady franchise a push 
 You can get it in the can like some Anheuser Busch 
 Jeans too small, least three pant sizes tush 
 Mushed against your damn side, your puss 
 And thighs are squished 
 What kind of attire's that? 
 I'm ready to be rode 
 Psychopath, bet you we'll get it poppin' like a flat 
 Light the match to ignite the wrath 
 Got knives to slash and slice hermaphrodites in half 
 Piper Chapmans might just have to picket me 
 Like a scab 
 Hard to describe in fact 
 Startling violent perhaps 
 Are things that come to mind as soon as I start spitting rhymes like that 
 And you aren't really surprised at that 
 But as far as these lines I rap 
 And these bars, wouldn't dial it back if I star 69ed the track 
  
 Why am I such a dick?[Intro: Eminem and Sia] 
 I can feel the heat risin' 
 Everything is on fire 
 Today is a painful reminder 
 Of why we can only get brighter 
 The further you put it behind ya 
 But right now I'm on the inside 
 Lookin' out, ‘cause— 
  
 [Hook: Sia] 
 I'm standin' in the flames 
 It’s a beautiful kind of pain 
 Settin' fire to yesterday 
 Find the light, find the light, find the light 
 I'm standin' in the flames 
 It’s a beautiful kind of pain 
 Settin' fire to yesterday 
 Find the light, find the light, find the light 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Yesterday was the tornado warning, today's like the morning after 
 Your world is torn in half, you wake in its wake to start the 
 Mourning process, and rebuilding, you're still a work in progress 
 Today's a whole new chapter, it's like an enormous ass, uh 
 Thunderstorm has passed ya, you weathered it 
 And poked its eye out with the thorn bush that you used to smell the roses 
 Stopped to inhale, can't even tell your nose is 
 Stuffed, so focused on the bright side then you floor the gas pedal 
 And hit the corner faster, more assertive, never looking back 
 May hit the curb, but every day is a new learning curve as you 
 Steer through life, sometimes you might not wanna swerve, but you have to 
 To avert a disaster, lucky no permanent damage 
 ‘Cause they hurt you so bad it's like they murdered your ass 
 And threw dirt on your casket but you've returned from the ashes 
 And that hurt that you have, you just converted to gasoline 
 And while you're burning the past standing at inferno and chant 
  
 [Hook: Sia] 
 I'm standin' in the flames 
 It’s a beautiful kind of pain 
 Settin' fire to yesterday 
 Find the light, find the light, find the light 
 I'm standin' in the flames 
 It’s a beautiful kind of pain 
 Settin' fire to yesterday 
 Find the light, find the light, find the light 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 You're so familiarized with what having to swallow this pill is like 
 It happens all the time, they take your heart and steal your life 
 And it's as though you feel you've died ‘cause you've been killed inside 
 But yet you're still alive, which means you will survive 
 Although today you may weep ‘cause you're weak 
 And everything seems so bleak and hopeless, the light that you're seekin' 
 It begins to seep in; that's the only thing keepin' 
 You from leapin' off the mothafreakin' deep end 
 And I'm pullin' for you to push through this feeling 
 And with a little time that should do the healing and by tomorrow 
 You may even feel so good that you're willing to forgive 'em 
 Even after all the shit you been put through, this feeling of resilience is building 
 And the flames are burning quick as fire would through this building 
 You're sealed in, but you're fireproof, flame retardant, you withstood it 
 And as you climb up to the roof, you're just chillin', you look down 
 ‘Cause you're so over 'em you could put the heel of your foot through the ceiling 
  
 [Bridge: Eminem] 
 As time passes, things change every day 
 But wounds, wounds heal, but scars still remaining the same 
 But tomorrow, today's going down in flames 
 Throw the match, set the past ablaze 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 So feel the fire beneath your feet as you barely even 
 Perspire from the heat, exhale deep and breathe a sigh of relief 
 And as you say goodbye to the grief it's like watching the walls 
 Melt in your prison cell, but you've extinguished this livin' hell 
 Still, a little piece of you dies as you scream— 
  
 [Hook: Sia] 
 I'm standin' in the flames 
 It’s a beautiful kind of pain 
 Settin' fire to yesterday 
 Find the light, find the light, find the light 
 I'm standin' in the flames 
 It’s a beautiful kind of pain 
 Settin' fire to yesterday 
 Find the light, find the light, find the light 
  
 [Bridge: Sia] 
 I feel the burn, watch the smoke as I turn 
 Rising, a phoenix from the flames 
 I have learned from fighting fights that weren't mine 
 It's not with fists, but with wings that I will fly 
  
 [Hook: Sia] 
 And I'm standin' in the flames 
 It’s a beautiful kind of pain 
 Settin' fire to yesterday 
 Find the light, find the light, find the light 
 I'm standin' in the flames 
 It’s a beautiful kind of pain 
 Settin' fire to yesterday 
 Find the light, find the light, find the light[Intro: Sample + Eminem] 
 ("What's your name?") Marshall 
 ("Who's your daddy?") I don't have one 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 My mother reproduced like the komodo dragon 
 And had me on the back of a motorcycle, then crashed in 
 The side of loco-motive with rap, I'm 
 Loco, it's like handing a psycho a loaded handgun 
 Michelangelo with a paint gun in a tantrum 
 'Bout to explode all over the canvas 
 Back with the Yoda of rap, "In a spasm 
 Your music usually has 'em 
 But waned for the game your enthusiasm it hasn't 
 Follow you must, Rick Rubin my little Padawan." 
 A Jedi in training, colossal brain and 
 Thoughts are entertainin' 
 But docile and impossible to explain and, I'm also vain and 
 Probably find a way to complain about a Picasso painting 
 Puke Skywalker, but sound like Chewbacca when I talk 
 Full of such blind rage I need a seein' eye dog 
 Can't even find the page I was writing this rhyme on 
 Oh, it's on the ram-page 
 Couldn't see what I wrote, I write small 
 It says, "Ever since I drove a '79 Lincoln with whitewalls 
 Had a fire in my heart 
 And a dire desire to aspire to Die Hard." 
 So as long as I'm on the clock, punching this time card 
 Hip-hop ain't dying on my watch 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Now sometimes when I'm sleepin' 
 She comes to me in my dreams 
 Is she taken? Is she mine? 
 Don't got time, don't care, don't have two shits to give 
 Let me take you by the hand to promised land 
 And threaten everyone 
 'Cause there's no rhyme or no reason for nothing 
  
 [Bridge: Sample + Eminem] 
 ("Now, what's your name?") Marshall 
 ("Who's your daddy?") I don’t know him, but I wonder— 
 ("Is he rich like me?") Ha 
 ("Has he taken any time to show you what you need to live?") 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 No, if he had 
 He wouldn't have ended up in these rhymes on my pad 
 I wouldn't be so mad, my attitude wouldn't be so bad 
 Yeah, Dad, I'm the epitome and the prime 
 Example of what happens when the power of the rhyme 
 Falls into the wrong hands and 
 Makes you want to get up and start dancin' 
 Even if it is Charles Manson 
 Who just happens to be rappin', blue lights flashin' 
 Laughin' all the way to the bank, lampin' in my K-Mart mansion 
 I’m in the style department 
 With a pile in my cart, rippin' the aisle apart but 
 With great power comes 
 Absolutely no responsibility for content 
 Completely despondent and condescending 
 The king of nonsense and controversy is on a 
 Beat-killing spree, Your Honor 
 I must plead guilty, 'cause I sparked a revolution 
 Rebel without a cause who caused the evolution 
 Of rap, to take it to the next level, boost it 
 But several rebuked it, and whoever produced it 
 ("Hip-hop is the Devil's music") 
 Does that mean it belongs to me? 
 'Cause I just happen to be a white honky devil with two horns 
 That don't honk but every time I speak you hear a beep 
 But lyrically I never hear a peep, not even a whisper 
 Rappers better stay clear of me, bitch, 'cause it's the— 
  
 [Chorus] 
 It's the time of the season 
 When hate runs high 
 And this time, I won't give it to you easy 
 When I take back what's mine 
 With pleasured hands 
 And torture everyone, that is my plan 
 My job here isn't done 
 'Cause there's no rhyme or no reason for nothing 
  
 [Bridge: Sample + Eminem] 
 ("What's your name?") Shady 
 ("Who's your daddy?") I don’t give a fuck, but I wonder 
 ("Is he rich like me?") Doubt it, ha 
 ("Has he taken any time to show you what you need to live?") 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 So, yeah, Dad—let's walk 
 Let's have us a father-and-son talk 
 But I bet we wouldn't probably get one block 
 Without me knocking your block off, this is all your fault 
 Maybe that's why I'm so bananas I a-ppealed to all those walks 
 Of life, whoever had strife 
 Maybe that's what dad and son talks are like 
 'Cause I related to the struggles of young America 
 When their fucking parents were unaware of their troubles 
 Now they're rippin' out their fuckin' hair again, it's hysterical 
 I chuckle as everybody bloodies their bare knuckles 
 Yeah, uh-oh, better beware, knuckle heads! 
 The sign of my hustle says: 
 "Don't knock, the door's broken, it won't lock 
 It might just fly open, get cold-cocked 
 You critics come to pay me a visit? 
 Misery loves company, please stay a minute!" 
 Kryptonite to a hypocrite 
 Zip your lip if you dish it but can't take it 
 Too busy gettin' stoned in your glass house 
 To kick rocks, then you wonder why I lash out 
 Mr. Mathers as advertised on the flyers, so spread the word 
 'Cause I'm promoting my passion until I'm passed out 
 Completely brain-dead: Rain Man 
 Doing a Bankhead in a restraint chair 
 So, bitch, shoot me a look, it better be a blank stare 
 Or get shanked in the pancreas 
 I'm angrier than all eight other reindeer 
 Put together with Chief Keef 'cause I hate every fuckin' thang, yeah 
 Even this rhyme, bitch 
 And quit tryin' look for a fuckin' reason for it that ain't there 
 But I still am a "Criminal!" 
 Ten-year-old degenerate grabbin' on my genitals! 
 The last Mathers LP done went diamond 
 This time I'm predicting this one will go emerald! 
 When will the madness end? 
 How can it when there's no method to the pad and pen? 
 The only message that I have to send 
 Is: "Dad, I'm back at it again!" 
  
 [Outro] 
 Yeah… (Who's your daddy?)[Produced by Dr. Dre & Mel-Man] 
  
 [Intro] 
 When I was just a little baby boy 
 My momma used to tell me these crazy things 
 She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man 
 She used to tell me he hated me 
 But then I got a little bit older 
 And I realized she was the crazy one 
 But there was nothing I could do or say to try to change it 
 'Cause that's just the way she was 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 They said I can't rap about being broke no more 
 They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more 
 Slut, you think I won't choke no whore 
 'Til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more? 
 These motherfuckers are thinkin' I'm playin' 
 Thinkin' I'm sayin' this shit 'cause I'm thinkin' it just to be sayin' it 
 Put your hands down, bitch—I ain't gon' shoot you 
 I'ma pull you to this bullet and put it through you 
 Shut up, slut! You're causin' too much chaos 
 Just bend over and take it like a slut—okay, Ma? 
 "Oh, now he's raping his own mother 
 Abusing a whore, snorting coke 
 And we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?" 
 You're goddamn right, bitch, and now it's too late 
 I'm triple platinum and tragedies happened in two states 
 I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile bitches 
 Vain Vicodin, vrin vrin vrin! 
 Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all 
 Danglin' from his neck while his head barely hangs on 
 Blood, guts, guns, cuts 
 Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts—bitch, I'ma kill you! 
  
 [Pre-Chorus] 
 You don't wanna fuck with me 
 Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me 
 Bitch, I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef 
 We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef 
 You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead 
 For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said 
 But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me 
 Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady ('Cause why?) 
 'Cause Shady will fucking kill you (Ah, ha-ha) 
 I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (Why?) 
 'Cause Shady will fucking kill you 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Bitch, I'ma kill you! Like a murder weapon, I'ma conceal you 
 In a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you 
 Fuck with me, I been through Hell, shut the hell up 
 I'm tryna develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em 
 I ain't "acid rap," but I rap on acid 
 Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added 
 Whoops! Is that a subliminal hint? 
 No, just criminal intent to sodomize women again 
 Eminem offend? No, Eminem'll insult 
 And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse 
 To do it again, then if he does it again 
 You'll probably end up jumpin' out of somethin' up on the tenth 
 Bitch, I'ma kill you! I ain't done, this ain't the chorus 
 I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest 
 A bloodstain is orange after you wash it 
 Three or four times in a tub, but that's normal, ain't it, Norman? 
 Serial killer hiding murder material 
 In a cereal box on top of your stereo 
 Here we go again, we're out of our medicine 
 Out of our minds and we want in yours: let us in, or I'ma kill you! 
  
 [Pre-Chorus] 
 You don't wanna fuck with me 
 Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me 
 Bitch, I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef 
 We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef 
 You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead 
 For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said 
 But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me 
 Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady ('Cause why?) 
 'Cause Shady will fucking kill you (Ah, ha-ha) 
 I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (Why?) 
 'Cause Shady will fucking kill you 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Know why I say these things? 
 'Cause ladies' screams keep creepin' in Shady's dreams 
 And the way things seem, I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks 
 These 80Gs a week to say the same things tweece 
 Twice, whatever, I hate these things 
 Fuck shots, I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks 
 Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows 
 Just to argue with 'em 'cause their ratings stink 
 Fuck that! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer 
 From fat bitch to all seventy thousand pounds of her 
 From principal to the student body and counselor 
 From in-school to before school to outta school 
 I don't even believe in breathin' 
 I'm leavin' air in your lungs 
 Just to hear you keep screamin' for me to seep it 
 Okay, I'm ready to go play, I got the machete from OJ 
 I'm ready to make everyone's throats ache 
 You faggots keep eggin' me on 
 'Til I have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop 
 Shut up! Give me your hands and feet 
 I said shut up when I'm talkin' to you 
 You hear me? Answer me, or I'ma kill you! 
  
 [Pre-Chorus] 
 You don't wanna fuck with me 
 Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me 
 Bitch, I'ma kill you! You don't got the balls to beef 
 We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef 
 You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead 
 For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said 
 But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me 
 Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me 
 Bitch, I'ma kill you! 
  
 [Chorus] 
 You don't wanna fuck with Shady ('Cause why?) 
 'Cause Shady will fucking kill you (Ah, ha-ha) 
 I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (Why not?) 
 'Cause Shady will fucking kill you 
  
 [Outro] 
 Ha-ha-ha, I'm just playing, ladies 
 You know I love you[Intro: Eminem & Kim] 
 Oh, look at daddy's baby girl 
 That's daddy's baby, little sleepy head 
 Yesterday I changed your diaper 
 Wiped you and powdered you 
 How did you get so big? 
 Can't believe it, now you're two 
 Baby, you're so precious, daddy's so proud of you 
 Sit down, bitch! You move again, I'll beat the shit out of you! (Okay!) 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem & Kim] 
 Don't make me wake this baby! 
 She don't need to see what I'm 'bout to do! 
 Quit crying, bitch! Why do you always make me shout at you?! 
 How could you just leave me and love him out the blue?! 
 Oh, what's the matter, Kim? Am I too loud for you? 
 Too bad, bitch! You're gonna finally hear me out this time! 
 At first I'm like, "Aight, you wanna throw me out, that's fine!" 
 But not for him to take my place, are you out your mind?! 
 This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine! 
 How could you let him sleep in our bed?! Look it, Kim! 
 Look at your husband now! (No!) I said look at him! 
 He ain't so hot now, is he, little punk?! 
 (Why are you doing this?!) Shut the fuck up! (You're drunk!) 
 (You're never gonna get away with this!) You think I give a fuck?! 
 C'mon! We're going for a ride, bitch! (No!) Sit up front! 
 (We can't just leave Hailie alone, what if she wakes up?) 
 We'll be right back — well, I will, you'll be in the trunk 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 So long, bitch, you did me so wrong 
 I don't wanna go on 
 Living in this world without you 
 So long, bitch, you did me so wrong 
 I don't wanna go on 
 Living in this world without you 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem & Kim] 
 You really fucked me, Kim, you really did a number on me! 
 Never knew me cheating on you would come back to haunt me 
 But we was kids then, Kim, I was only eighteen 
 That was years ago, I thought we wiped the slate clean 
 That's fucked up! (I love you!) Oh God, my brain is racin' 
 (I love you!) What are you doing? Change the station! 
 I hate this song! Does this look like a big joke? (No!) 
 There's a [censored]-year-old little [censored] 
 Laying dead with a slit throat in your living room! 
 Ha-ha! What, you think I'm kiddin' you?! 
 You loved him, didn't you? (No!) 
 Bullshit, you bitch! Don't fucking lie to me! 
 What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me? 
 Fuck you, asshole! Yeah, bite me! 
 Kim? Kim! Why don't you like me? 
 You think I'm ugly, don'tchu? (It's not that!) No, you think I'm ugly 
 (Baby!) Get the fuck away from me! Don't touch me! 
 I hate you! I hate you! I swear to God, I hate you! 
 Oh my God, I love you! How the fuck could you do this to me?! 
 (I'm sorry!) How the fuck could you do this to me?! 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 So long, bitch, you did me so wrong 
 I don't wanna go on 
 Living in this world without you 
 So long, bitch, you did me so wrong 
 I don't wanna go on 
 Living in this world without you 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem & Kim] 
 Come on, get out! (I can't! I'm scared!) 
 I said get out, bitch! (Let go of my hair! Please don't do this, baby! Please! I love you! Look, we can just take Hailie and leave!) 
 Fuck you! 
 You did this to us! You did it! It's your fault! 
 "Oh my God, I'm crackin' up" Get a grip, Marshall! 
 Hey, remember the time we went to Brian's party 
 And you were, like, so drunk that you threw up all over Archie? 
 That was funny, wasn't it? (Yes) 
 That was funny, wasn't it?! (Yes!) 
 See, it all makes sense, doesn't it? 
 You and your husband have a fight, one of you tries to grab a knife 
 And during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced (No!) 
 And while this is going on, his son just woke up 
 And he walks in, she panics, and he gets his throat cut 
 (Oh my God!)  So now they both dead 
 And you slash your own throat 
 So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note 
 I shoulda known better when you started to act weird 
 We coulda— hey, where you going? Get back here! 
 You can't run from me, Kim! It's just us, nobody else 
 You're only making this harder on yourself! 
 Ha-ha, gotcha! Go ahead, yell! 
 Here, I'll scream with you, "Ah! Somebody help!" 
 Don't you get it, bitch? No one can hear you! 
 Now shut the fuck up, and get what's comin' to you! 
 You were supposed to love me! 
 Now bleed, bitch, bleed! Bleed, bitch, bleed! Bleed! 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 So long, bitch, you did me so wrong 
 I don't wanna go on 
 Living in this world without you 
 So long, bitch, you did me so wrong 
 I don't wanna go on 
 Living in this world without you[Intro] 
 Take me to the river 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 It's 2002, everything was totally new 
 We were globally huge, watchin' sales go through the roof 
 We wrote and we feuded, Runyon Avenue soldiers included 
 A multitude of homies who would bounce for no good excuse 
 We were so bulletproof—wrote, souped and soaked in our youth 
 Thought we was runnin' shit 'til we lost the sole of our shoe 
 The death of Doody broke us in two 
 We were thrown for a loop, ain't none of us know what to do 
 And at the time I was goin' through my own struggles too 
 So I wasn't in no condition to be coachin' us through 
 Everyone tried to go solo, really nobody blew 
 I was hopin' they do, so I ain't have to shoulder the crew 
 The plan was put everyone in position so that they knew 
 How to stand on their own, and I don't wanna open up wounds 
 I just noticed that oomph was gone when we go in the booth 
 'Cause the truth is, the moment that Proof died, so did the group 
 Shoot… 
  
 [Pre-Chorus] 
 If I could leave this all behind 
 I could open up my eyes and walk in a straight line 
 Down to the river with you 
 Help me leave this all behind 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'ma wash away my sins 
 I'ma rinse away this dirt 
 I forgot to make amends 
 To all the friends I may have hurt 
 I better stop and say my grace 
 From it I pray that I don't fall 
 'Cause on the way back down I may 
 End up runnin' back into them all 
 I never meant to use you all as my stepping stones 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 It was never the same, and it's bothered me since 
 And the farther we drift apart, the more awkward it gets 
 The more time goes by, the more life happens 
 And we gotta be men, we got responsibilities 
 Plus we don't say how we feel 
 And I feel like this is what got us in the debacle we're in 
 Been with you guys thick and thin 
 But it's almost as if sometimes we're not even friends 
 Which reminded me Biz, "Rockstar" was the shit 
 Y'all coulda got you a hit without me on the shit 
 If you woulda put D12 on it, wish I coulda did 
 More than try talkin' you into comin' up off of it 
 I know it wasn't my fault, but part of it probably is 
 I think of all of the trips to BET 
 And the rappers I wish that we woulda politicked with 
 Maybe y'all coulda clicked and got you some features 
 But that's water under the bridge 
 But I'm washin' my sins in it 'til my conscience is cleansed 
  
 [Pre-Chorus] 
 If I could leave this all behind 
 I could open up my eyes and walk in a straight line 
 Down to the river with you 
 Help me leave this all behind 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'ma wash away my sins 
 I'ma rinse away this dirt 
 I forgot to make amends 
 To all the friends I may have hurt 
 I better stop and say my grace 
 From it I pray that I don't fall 
 'Cause on the way back down I may 
 End up runnin' back into them all 
 I never meant to use you all as my stepping stones 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Bacardi and Hen', never thought the party would end 
 One minute you're bodyin' shit, but then your audience splits 
 You can already sense the climate is startin' to shift 
 To these kids you no longer exist 
 Went from rainin' cats and dogs in this bitch 
 To tiny drops, little drips 
 And by the time your reign is over, you'll hardly be missed 
 You start thinkin' of all the artists you dissed 
 All the carnage you left, is this the kind of karma you get 
 For turnin' your fuckin' back on Bizzy, Kuniva and Swift? 
 A Freudian slip, subconsciously, I honestly wished 
 I ain't feel so much guilt and y'all didn't harbor resentment 
 But it's hard to pretend that y'all ain't got none 
 I just wish I had words, but I guess there just are none for this 
 To my partners, I can't say how sorry I am 
 This is not how I planned for our story to end 
 I love all of you men 
 But I just can't be the guy everybody depends 
 On for entire careers 'cause that's not even fair 
 I will always be here, but that spark isn't there 
 And I don't know how to recapture that time and that era 
 I've tried hearkening back to, but I'm fightin' for air 
 I'm barely chartin' myself 
 Feels like I'm on the descent, but it was not my intent 
 To treat y'all like a stepping stone 
 Though I ain't left no one behind, but we been down every road 
 Done all we possibly can, I know we kept our hopes up 
 But the longer we spend livin' this lie that we live 
 The less is left for closure, so let's let this go 
 It's not goodbye to our friendship, but D12 is over 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'ma wash away my sins 
 I'ma rinse away this dirt 
 I forgot to make amends 
 To all the friends I may have hurt 
 I better stop and say my grace 
 From it I pray that I don't fall 
 'Cause on the way back down I may 
 End up runnin' back into them all 
 I never meant to use you all as my stepping stones 
 I never meant to make you feel like my stepping stones 
 I never meant to use you all for my stepping stones[Produced by The New Royales] 
  
 [Chorus: Gwen Stefani] 
 Here to stay 
 Even when I'm gone 
 When I close my eyes 
 Through the passage of time 
 Kings never die 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I can hear the drummer drummin' 
 And the trumpets, someone's tryna summon someone 
 I know something's comin' 
 But I'm runnin' from it, to be standing at the summit 
 And plummet, how come it wasn't what I thought it was? 
 Was it too good to be true? 
 Have nothin', get it all but too much of it 
 Then lose it again, did I swallow hallucinogens? 
 ‘Cause if not, where the hell did it go? 
 ‘Cause here I sit in Lucifer’s den by the dutch oven 
 Just choosing to sin, even if it means I'm sellin' my soul 
 Just to be the undisputed again 
 Do whatever I gotta do just to win 
 ‘Cause I got this motherfuckin' cloud over my head 
 Crown around it, thorns on it 
 Cracks in it, bet you morons didn't think I'd be back, did ya? 
 How 'bout that? I’m somehow now back to the underdog 
 But no matter how loud that I bark 
 This sport is somethin' I never bow-out at 
 I complain about the game, I shout and I pout, it's a love-hate 
 But I found out that I can move a mountain of doubt 
 Even when you bitches are countin' me out 
 And I appear to be down for the count 
 Only time I ever been out and about 
 Is drivin' around town with my fuckin' whereabouts in a doubt 
 ‘Cause I been lost tryna think of what I did to get here 
 But I'm not a quitter; gotta get up, give it all I got or give up 
 Spit on, shit on, stepped on, but kept goin' 
 I'm tryna be headstrong 
 But it feels like I slept on my neck wrong 
 ‘Cause you're moving onto the next, but is your respect gone? 
 ‘Cause someone told me that… 
  
 [Chorus: Gwen Stefani] 
 Kings never die 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Don't give me that sob story, liar, don't preach to the choir 
 You ain't never even had to reach in the fire to dig deep 
 Nobody ever handed me shit in life, not even a flyer 
 Wouldn't even take shit into consideration 
 Obliterate anyone in the way 
 I think I see why a lot of rappers get on these features 
 And try to show out on a track with me 
 But it'd actually have to be 
 A fuckin' blow-out to get me to retire 
 Tell these new artists that kings never die 
 I know shit has changed in this age, fuck a Twitter page 
 Did it just say I've been upstaged? 
 Why am I online? It's driving me crazy 
 I'm ridin' shotgun tryna get a gauge 
 On what's hot, but I'm not one to conform 
 But as days pass in this shit 
 And opinions sway, I can hear 'em say 
 If I stay passionate maybe I can stage a miraculous 
 Comeback, as if I went away 
 But detractors just say so much for the renegade 
 Someone's gonna make me blow my composure 
 Here I go again, center stage, and I feel like I'm in a cage 
 They so want a champion to fall 
 It's no wonder why I laugh at 'em 
 ‘Cause why can't we win 'em all? 
 So fuck what these cynics say! 
 It just goes to show that when my back's against the wall 
 And I'm under attack again, that I'll act as if I'm 'posed ta 
 With this pent-up rage, ‘cause all these plaques in my office 
 On the floor stacked against the door 
 Are they just metaphors for the odds of me comin' back again? 
 ‘Cause all the accomplishments, accolades, awards 
 And trophies, they just don't mean jack anymore 
 If I'm here today and gone tomorrow, and I'm not gonna be… 
  
 [Chorus: Gwen Stefani] 
 Here to stay 
 Even when I'm gone 
 When I close my eyes 
 Through the passage of time 
 Kings never die 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 I want it, I'm comin' to get it 
 So you son of a bitches don't duck 
 You’re gonna get Riddick Bowe’d 
 Critics'll end up in critical 
 Think your shit is dope, all you're gonna get is smoked 
 And I ain't stopping 'til I'm on top again 
 All alone and on a throne, like a token of respect 
 Or a homage poem, or an ode I've been owed 
 Tossed in the air by my own arm 
 And launched so hard it broke my collarbone 
 And when it's my time to go 
 I'm still not leaving, stop for no one, I don't know 
 But I've been told, an obstacle that blocks your road, ya 
 Knock it over, time to go for the pot of gold, ‘cause… 
  
 [Bridge: Eminem] 
 They say kings never die 
 Just ask Jam Master Jay 
 They just grow wings and they fly 
 So, hands up, reach for the sky! 
 Try to hold on and prolong these moments 
 ‘Cause in a blink of an eye 
 They'll be over 
  
 [Verse 4: Eminem] 
 So you're tryna secure your legacy like Shakur 
 And ensure nobody's ever gonna be what you were 
 So before you're leavin' this Earth 
 You want people to feel the fury of a pure evil cerebral, berserk 
 Deacon of words, syllable genius at work 
 Plus, I'm thinkin' that they're mistakin' my kindness for weakness; kill 'em with meanness 
 I went from powdered milk and Farina 
 To flippin' burgers on the grill for some peanuts 
 At Gilbert's to arenas, call me Gilbert Arenas 
 Still appeal to the dreamers 
 I made it to the silverscreen 
 But Rocky's still what the theme is 
 Khalil on the beat, ‘cause makin' the beat 
 Ain’t the same feelin' to me as killin' the beat is 
 Or fulfillin' to me is what fillin' a seat is 
 It's that sound-bombing, thirstin' howl 
 Common, underground, Diamond D, Outsidaz 
 Stomach growl, throbbin' hunger, out-rhymin' everyone 
 God, just give me one shot, I swear that I won't let you down 
 I'ma be around forever-and-a-day, even in the ground 
 You ain't never ever gonna hear 'em say I ain't… 
  
 [Chorus: Gwen Stefani] 
 Here to stay 
 Even when I'm gone 
 When I close my eyes 
 Through the passage of time 
 Kings never die 
  
 [Outro: Gwen Stefani] 
 Kings never die[Intro] 
 A lot of people ask me stupid fuckin' questions 
 A lot of people think that what I say on a record 
 Or what I talk about on a record 
 That I actually do in real life or that I believe in it 
 Or if I say that I wanna kill somebody 
 That I'm actually gonna do it or that I believe in it 
 Well, shit, if you believe that, then I'll kill you 
 You know why? ‘Cause I'm a criminal! 
 Criminal! You're goddamn right 
 I'm a criminal! Yeah, I'm a criminal! 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge 
 That'll stab you in the head, whether you're a fag or lez 
 Or a homosex, hermaph or a trans-a-vest 
 Pants or dress, hate fags? The answer's yes 
 Homophobic? Nah, you're just heterophobic 
 Starin' at my jeans, watchin' my genitals bulgin' (Ooh!) 
 That's my motherfuckin' balls, you'd better let go of 'em 
 They belong in my scrotum, you'll never get hold of 'em! 
 "Hey, it's me, Versace! Whoops, somebody shot me! 
 And I was just checkin' the mail, get it? Checkin' the male?" 
 How many records you expectin' to sell 
 After your second LP sends you directly to jail? 
 Come on, relax, guy! I like gay men 
 Right, Ken? Give me an amen! (A-men!) 
 "Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus 
 Heal this child, help us destroy these demons 
 Oh, and please send me a brand new car 
 And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital" 
 Preacher, preacher! Fifth grade teacher! 
 You can't reach me, my mom can't neither 
 You can't teach me a goddamn thing ‘cause 
 I watch TV and Comcast cable 
 And you ain't able to stop these thoughts 
 You can't stop me from toppin' these charts 
 And you can't stop me from droppin' each March 
 With a brand new CD for these fuckin' retards (Duh) 
 And to think, it's just little ol' me 
 Mr. Don't-Give-a-Fuck still won't leave 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'm a criminal! 
 ‘Cause every time I write a rhyme these people think it's a crime 
 To tell 'em what's on my mind, I guess I'm a criminal! 
 I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird 
 And keep goin', I don't take shit from no one 
 I'm a criminal! 
 ‘Cause every time I write a rhyme these people think it's a crime 
 To tell 'em what's on my mind, I guess I'm a criminal! 
 I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird 
 And keep goin', I don't take shit from no one 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 The mother did drugs, hard liquor, cigarettes and speed 
 The baby came out, disfigured ligaments, indeed 
 It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she 
 Don't dare make fun of that baby, ‘cause that baby was me 
 I'm a criminal, an animal caged who turned crazed 
 But how the fuck you supposed to grow up when you weren't raised? 
 So as I got older and I got a lot taller 
 My dick shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger 
 I drank more liquor to fuck you up quicker 
 Than you'd wanna fuck me up for sayin' the word— 
 My morals went *thhbbpp* when the president got oral 
 Sex in his Oval Office on top of his desk off of his own employee 
 Now, don't ignore me, you won't avoid me 
 You can't miss me: I'm white, blonde-haired, and my nose is pointy 
 I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die 
 In plane crashes and laughs as long as it ain't happenin' to him 
 Slim Shady, I'm as crazy as Em- 
 -inem and Kim combined (The maniac's in) 
 In place of the Doctor ‘cause Dre couldn't make it today 
 He's a little under the weather, so I'm takin' his place (Mm-mm-mmm!) 
 Oh, that's Dre with an AK to his face 
 Don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place 
 I told you, Dre, you should've kept that thang put away 
 I guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it, eh? 
 I'm a criminal! 
  
 [Skit] 
 DRIVER: Aight look 
 EMINEM: Uh-huh 
 DRIVER: Just go up in that motherfucker, get the motherfuckin' money and get the fuck up outta there 
 EMINEM: Aight 
 DRIVER: I’ll be right here waitin' on you 
 EMINEM: Aight 
 DRIVER: Yo, Em 
 EMINEM: What?! 
 DRIVER: Don't kill nobody this time 
 EMINEM: Awwright… goddamn, this motherfucker gets on my fuckin' nerves! 
 {*Whistling*} How you doin'? 
 TELLER: Hi, how can I help you? 
 EMINEM: Yeah, I need to make a withdrawal 
 TELLER: Okay 
 EMINEM: Put the fuckin' money in the bag, bitch, and I won’t kill you! 
 TELLER: What? Oh my God, don’t kill me! 
 EMINEM: I’m not gonna kill you, bitch, quit lookin' around 
 TELLER: Don’t kill me, I've got two kids at home don't kill me! 
 EMINEM: I said I’m not gonna fuckin' kill you 
 TELLER: Don't kill me! 
 EMINEM: Hurry the fuck up! {*Gunshot*} Thank you! 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Windows tinted on my ride when I drive in it (Go, go, go!) 
 So when I rob a bank, run out and just dive in it 
 So I'll be disguised in it and if anybody identifies 
 The guy in it, I hide for five minutes 
 Come back, shoot the eyewitness 
 Fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business 
 Die bitches, bastards, brats, pets 
 This puppy's lucky I didn't blast his ass yet 
 If I ever gave a fuck, I'd shave my nuts 
 Tuck my dick in between my legs and cluck 
 You motherfuckin' chickens ain't brave enough 
 To say the stuff I say, so just tape it shut 
 Shit, half the shit I say, I just make it up 
 To make you mad, so kiss my white naked ass 
 And if it's not a rapper that I make it as 
 I'ma be a fuckin' rapist in a Jason mask 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'm a criminal! 
 ‘Cause every time I write a rhyme these people think it's a crime 
 To tell 'em what's on my mind, I guess I'm a criminal! 
 I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird 
 And keep goin', I don't take shit from no one 
 I'm a criminal! 
 ‘Cause every time I write a rhyme these people think it's a crime 
 To tell 'em what's on my mind, I guess I'm a criminal! 
 I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird 
 And keep goin', I don't take shit from no one 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'm a criminal! 
 ‘Cause every time I write a rhyme these people think it's a crime 
 To tell 'em what's on my mind, I guess I'm a criminal! 
 I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird 
 And keep goin', I don't take shit from no one 
 I'm a criminal! 
 ‘Cause every time I write a rhyme these people think it's a crime 
 To tell 'em what's on my mind, I guess I'm a criminal! 
 I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird 
 And keep goin', I don't take shit from no one 
  
 [Outro] 
 I am a criminal![Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Came to the world at a time when it was in need of a villain 
 An asshole, that role I think I succeeded fulfillin' 
 But don't think I ever stopped 
 To think that I was speaking to children 
 Everything was happening so fast 
 It was like I blinked—sold three million 
 Then it all went blank, all I remember is feelin' ridiculous 
 ‘Cause I was getting sick of this feelin' 
 Like I'm always under attack, man 
 I could have stacked my shit list to the ceilin' 
 Women dishin' but really thinking: "If anyone ever talks to one of my little girls like this I would kill him." 
 Guess I'm a little bit of a hypocrite when I'm rippin' shit 
 But since when did this many people ever give a shit 
 What I had to say? It's just my opinion 
 If it contradicts how I'm livin', put a dick in your rear end 
 That's why every time you mentioned a lyric 
 I thanked you for it, for drawing more attention toward it 
 ‘Cause it gave me an enormous platform 
 I'm flattered you thought I was that important 
 But you can't ignore the fact that I fought for the respect 
 And battled for it, mad awards, had GLAAD annoyed 
 Atta-boy, they told me to slow down, and I just zoned out 
 Good luck tryin' to convince a blonde 
 It's like telling Gwen Stefani she sold out 
 ‘Cause I was tryin' to leave, no doubt 
 In anyone's mind one day I'd go down in history 
 Think they know now, because everybody knows 
  
 [Chorus: Skylar Grey] 
 Everybody knows that you're just an asshole 
 Everywhere that you go 
 People wanna go home, everyone knows 
 Everybody knows, so don't pretend to be nice 
 There's no place you can hide 
 You are just an asshole 
 Everyone knows, everyone knows 
  
 [Interlude: Eminem] 
 Thanks for the support, asshole! *scratch* 
 Thanks for the support, asshole! 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Quit actin' salty! I was countin' on you to count me out 
 Ask Asher Roth when he round about 
 Dissed me to shout me out 
 Thought I was history, but goddamn, honky 
 That compliment's like backhanding a donkey 
 Good way to get your ass socked in the mouth 
 Nah, I'm off him 
 But what the fuck is all this trash-talkin' about? 
 The fight was fixed, I'm back and you can't stop me 
 You knocked me down, I went down for the count 
 I fell, but the fans caught me, and now 
 You're gonna have to beat the fuckin' pants off me 
 To take my belt—word to Pacquiao 
 Momma said there ain't nothin' else to talk about 
 Better go in that ring and knock 'em out 
 Or you better not come out 
 It's poetry in motion 
 Like Freddie Roach when he's quotin' Shakespeare 
 So what if the insults are revoltin'? 
 Even Helen Keller knows life stinks 
 You think it's a joke 'til you're bullet-riddled 
 But you should give little shit what I think 
 This whole world is a mess 
 Gotta have a goddamn vest on your chest 
 And a Glock just to go watch Batman 
 Who needs to test a testicles? Not that man 
 Half of you don't got the guts and intestinal blockage 
 Rest of you got lap bands 
 Stuck to this motto before they put bath salts 
 And all those water bottles in Colorado, so get lost, Waldo! 
 My soul's escapin' through this asshole that is gapin' 
 A black hole, and I'm swallowin' this track whole 
 Better pack toilet paper, but I'm taking no crap, ho 
 Here I go down the Bat Pole 
 And I'm changing back into that old maniac 
 In fact there they go tryin' to dip out the back-door retreatin' 
 ‘Cause everybody knows 
  
 [Chorus: Skylar Grey] 
 Everybody knows that you're just an asshole 
 Everywhere that you go 
 People wanna go home, everyone knows 
 Everybody knows, so don't pretend to be nice 
 There's no place you can hide 
 You are just an asshole 
 Everyone knows, everyone knows 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Holy mackerel! I'm the biggest jerk on the planet Earth 
 I smacked a girl off the mechanical bull at a tractor pull 
 For thinkin' we had some magnetic pull 
 Then screamed "ICP in this bitch! How do fuckin' magnets work?" 
 ‘Cause you're attractive, but we ain't attractable 
 Hate to be dramatical, but I'm not romantical 
 I'm making up words you can understandable, it's tragical 
 Thinkin' some magical shit's gonna happen, that ain't practical 
 You crackin' a joke, it's laughable 
 ‘Cause me and love's like a bad combination 
 I keep them feelings locked in a vault 
 So it's safe to say I'm uncrackable 
 My heart is truly guarded, full body armor 
 Bitch, you just need a helmet 
 ‘Cause if you think you're special, you're retarded 
 Thinkin' you're one of a kind like you got some platinum vagina 
 You're a train wreck, I got a one-track mind 
 Shorty, you're fine, but you sort of remind me of a 49er 
 ‘Cause you been a gold digger since you was a minor 
 Been tryna hunt me down like a dog 
 ‘Cause you're on my ass but you can't get a cent 
 ‘Cause all of my spare time is spent 
 On my nose in this binder, so don't bother tryin' 
 Only women that I love are my daughters 
 But sometimes I rhyme and it sounds like I forget I'm a father 
 And I push it farther 
 So, Father, forgive me if I forget to draw the line 
 It's apparent shouldn't have been a parent 
 I'll never grow up, so to hell with your parents 
 And motherfuckin' Father Time 
 It ain't never gonna stop a pessimist 
 Who transformed to an optimist in his prime 
 So even if I'm half-dead, I'm half alive 
 Poured my half empty glass in a cup 
 Now my cup has runneth over 
 And I'm 'bout to set it on you like a mothafuckin' coaster 
 I’m going back to what got me here 
 Yeah, cocky, and can’t knock being rude off, so fear not, my dear 
 And dry up your teardrops, I'm here 
 White America's mirror, so don't feel awkward or weird 
 If you stare at me and see yourself, because you're one too 
 Shouldn't be a shock, because everybody knows 
  
 [Chorus: Skylar Grey] 
 Everybody knows that you're just an asshole 
 Everywhere that you go 
 People wanna go home, everyone knows 
 Everybody knows, so don't pretend to be nice 
 There's no place you can hide 
 You are just an asshole 
 Everyone knows, everyone knows[Chorus] 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) 
 I'm back (I'm back), I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) 
 I'm back (I'm back), I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) 
 I'm back (I'm back), I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) 
 I'm back (I'm back), I'm back 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I murder a rhyme, one word at a time 
 You never heard of a mind as perverted as mine 
 You better get rid of that 9, it ain't gonna help 
 What good's it gonna do against a man that strangles himself? 
 I'm waitin' for Hell, like hell, shit, I'm anxious as hell 
 Manson, you're safe in that cell, be thankful it's jail 
 I used to be my mommy's little angel at 12 
 Thirteen, I was puttin' shells in a gauge on a shelf 
 I used to get punked and bullied on my block 
 'Til I cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox (Hey Ma', Ma'!) 
 I used to give a fuck, now I could give a fuck less 
 What do I think of success? It sucks, too much press 
 I'm stressed, too much cess, depressed 
 Too upset, it's just too much mess 
 I guess I must just blew up quick (yes) 
 Grew up quick (no) was raised right 
 Whatever you say is wrong, whatever I say's right 
 You think of my name now whenever you say, "Hi" 
 Became a commodity 'cause I'm W-H-I- 
 T-E, ‘cause MTV was so friendly to me 
 Can't wait 'til Kim sees me! 
 Now, is it worth it? Look at my life, how is it perfect? 
 Read my lips, bitch! What, my mouth isn't workin'? 
 You hear this finger? Oh, it's upside down 
 Here, let me turn this motherfucker up right now 
  
 [Chorus] 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) 
 I'm back (I'm back), I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) 
 I'm back (I'm back), I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) 
 I'm back (I'm back), I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady (Shady!) 
 I'm back (I'm back), I'm back 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I take each individual degenerate's head and reach into it 
 Just to see if he's influenced by me, if he listens to music 
 And if he feeds into this shit, he's an innocent victim 
 And becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe 
 (*Scratches*) My name is Slim Shady 
 I been crazy way before radio didn't play me 
 The sensational (*scratch*) "Back is the incredible!" 
 With Ken Kaniff, who just finds the men edible 
 It's Ken Kaniff on the Internet 
 Tryin' to lure your kids with him into bed 
 It's a sick world we live in these days 
 "Slim, for pete's sakes, put down Christopher Reeve's legs!" 
 Geez, you guys are so sensitive 
 "Slim, it's a touchy subject, try and just don't mention it." 
 Mind with no sense in it, fried schizophrenic 
 Whose eyes get so squinted 
 I'm blind from smoke in 'em, with my windows tinted 
 With nine limos rented, doin' lines of coke in 'em 
 With a bunch of guys hoppin' out, all high and indo-scented 
 And that's where I get my name from, that's why they call me— 
  
 [Chorus] 
 They call me Slim Shady (I'm back) 
 I'm back (I'm back), I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) 
 I'm back (I'm back), I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) 
 I'm back (I'm back), I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) 
 I'm back (I'm back), I'm back 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I take seven {kids} from {Columbine} 
 Stand 'em all in line, add an AK-47, a revolver, a 9 
 A MAC-11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine 
 And that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time 
 ‘Cause I'm Shady, they call me as crazy 
 As the world was over this whole Y2K thing 
 And by the way, NSYNC, why do they sing? 
 Am I the only one who realizes they stink? 
 Should I dye my hair pink and care what y'all think 
 Lip sync and buy a bigger size of earrings? 
 It's why I tend to block out when I hear things 
 ‘Cause all these fans screamin' is makin' my ears ring (Ahh!) 
 So I just throw up a middle finger and let it linger 
 Longer than the rumor that I was stickin' it to Christina 
 ‘Cause if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz 
 It'd be Jennifer Lopez—and, Puffy, you know this 
 I'm sorry, Puff, but I don't give a fuck 
 If this chick was my own mother 
 I'd still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her 
 And have a son and a new brother at the same time 
 And just say that it ain't mine—what's my name? 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'm Slim Shady (I'm back) 
 I'm back (I'm back), I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) 
 I'm back (I'm back), I'm back 
 That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) 
 I'm back (I'm back), I'm back 
 They call me Slim Shady (I'm back) 
 I'm back (I'm back), I'm back 
  
 [Outro] 
 Guess who's b-back, back 
 Gue-gue-guess who's back (hi, Mom!) 
 {​​*scratch*}​​ Guess who's back 
 {​​*scratch*}​​ Gue— {​​*scratch*}​​ guess who's back 
 D-12 {​​*scratch*}​​ Guess who's back 
 Gue, gue-gue-gue, guess who's back 
 Dr. Dre {​​*scratch*}​​ Guess who's back 
 Back back {​​*scratch*}​​ back {​​*scratch*}​​ 
 Slim Shady, 2001 
 I'm blew out from this blunt (*sighs*) fuck[Intro: 2 Chainz] 
 2 Chainz! 
 Yeah, yeah 
  
 [Verse 1: 2 Chainz] 
 Take 'em to church, I'm talkin' the tabernacle 
 It's the return of the body snatcher 
 Walk in the spot, make my woman smack ya (whoo!) 
 In a fruit fight, I aim at your Adam's apple 
 Pull up in the candy car, eatin' a candy bar 
 And my girl eatin' a candy apple 
 Yeah (mm), I line their ass up (up) 
 I aim at their goozer (baow!) 
 All of these stones on my neck, uh 
 They must have looked at Medusa 
 Pockets Rasputia of course 
 I drove some rims to court 
 I fucked some twins before 
 I had a Benz before, this is the sin report 
 This is the murder, murder, pass the burner, Em (uh) 
 Your money shorter than an acronym (ayy) 
 Big body when I'm backin' in (whoo!) 
 Ladi-dadi, got a bunch of bodies 
 Niggas fakin', niggas human traffickin' (whoo!) 
 I'm on the Act' again, uh 
 This ain't a accident, uh 
 King like Ak-Ron 
 I run the trap again, you on the treadmill (treadmill) 
 Never Neverland, shit came with a Ferris wheel (goddamn!) 
 Ferris day off, baby, AR in the same car 
 Most of y'all my sons, aww, look at little JR 
 F12 same color Kate Moss 
 Uh, I'm talkin' wristin' the pot 
 I'm talkin' this and you not 
 I'm talkin' bricks and you not 
 I'm talkin' straight up and down, nigga, like 6 o'clock 
 This is the equinox, this what the people want 
 Somebody at the door, I heard the speaker knock, uh 
  
 [Chorus: PHresher] 
 I'm at your throat like Chloraseptic, 'septic 
 And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with 
 This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit 
 I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah 
  
 [Verse 2: PHresher] 
 Do me a favor, don't do me no favors 
 These bitches got flavors 
 They all wanna smoke but ain't doin' no labor 
 But they shoppin' at Raleys, they stingin' like tasers 
 Act Hollywood like they play for the Lakers 
 They fly on the latest 
 Crocs, alligators, say hi to my haters 
 Pardon my neighbor 
 We eatin' that chicken, lobster, potatoes 
 You must be sniffin' that yayo 
 If you don't think I'm that nigga 
 Swagger on ten since a day old 
 It's a-okay though, whippin' up whip like it's mayo 
 Every track is a K.O., technical K.O.  
 Go off your head like I'm Ayo 
 Out of this world, talkin' NATO 
 It's 'cause of jail, ho, don't be an A-hole 
 'Cause I got shooters that shoot when I say so (lay low!) 
 Wanna be in my shoes, you ain't paid no dues 
 Real nigga, you ain't break no rules (hell yeah!) 
 High school, niggas ate yo' food 
 Might dumb it down a little, but I ain't no fool (hell yeah!) 
 Niggas hate every day, B (yeah) 
 Shit is O.C. lately (yeah) 
 Gotta break 'em off with these Dre beats (yeah) 
 Or I might go crazy (hell yeah!) 
 These niggas too goddamn lazy (too lazy) 
 Don't ever, ever, ever try to play me (to play me) 
 Lil' shawty now comin' from BK (BK) 
 But I'm tryna come up like JAY-Z (like JAY-Z) 
 Nothin' but love for my idols (love for my idols) 
 I feel entitled to titles (to titles) 
 Fuck it, man, I want the title (I want the title) 
 Submission, they goin' all viral 
  
 [Chorus: PHresher] 
 Like Chloraseptic, 'septic 
 And you got strep, I'm too complex with, 'plex with 
 This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit 
 I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah (hell yeah) 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Bin Laden with a pen, bodyin' again 
 I begin slaughterin' your men, prolly shoulda been 
 Ali or the Svengali embodiment of sin 
 Like a Saudi in the Taliban plotting an event 
 In the lobby of the Intercontinental with an obvious intent 
 And I would not even relent 
 Up on a little like Osama with a bomb under the bin 
 And down the middle of the Pentagon 
 And hit a kindergartener with a rental (stop!) 
 Back and forth, back and forth 
 Like Jack Kevorkian's ass to court 
 "Rap mature! Why can't you be like Macklemore?" (huh?) 
 "Why you always gotta smack a whore?" (huh?) 
 It's likely the psychiatric ward's a last resort (huh?) 
 Something's gotta give, that's for sure 
 Yet you keep comin' back for more 
 Not as raw as I was, “'Walk On Water' sucks” 
 Bitch, suck my dick! 
 Y'all saw the tracklist and had a fit 'fore you heard it 
 So you formed your verdict 
 While you sat with your arms crossed 
 Did your little reaction videos and talked over songs (chill!) 
 Nah dog, y'all sayin' I lost it? 
 Your fuckin' marbles are gone (wait, Em!) 
 But nowadays, every flow, every cadence sound the same (skrrt) 
 Brain's a powder keg, I draw inspiration outta hate 
 Real pain in the paper, I don't trace 
 But if I look strange and outta place 
 It's 'cause I'm an alien, that's why I write 'til the page is outta space 
 Yeah, from 7 Mile in Novara 
 To "How can I be down?", all of us tryna pile in the car (yeah!) 
 We shot for the stars (yeah!) 
 'Cause we only got so much time in this world (yeah!) 
 So rewind it to your high school dance to the night before 
 If you think you're promised tomorrow (yeah!) 
 Now I'm 'bout to fool again 
 This tune is sick, it's luminous, the moon is lit 
 A freakin' lunatic, a human computer chip 
 And I'm soon to stick a broom in the uterus of your Hooters chick 
 If I was you, I wouldn't do nothin' stupid due to the mood I'm in 
 I'm losin' it, you get chewed like a Junior Mint 
 Show me who to rip, it's time for you to get screwed 
 Empty the lubricant and put super glue in it (woo!) 
 How many fuckin' rappers did I go through? 
 Dispel doubt, but you won't admit I smoked 
 And you was spellbound, hellbound in my snowsuit 
 But am I s'posed to sound like everything else out? 
 'Cause I don't get compared to it, only myself now 
 And I can see the fair-weather fans and sales down 
 But the only way I care is if I let myself down 
 But what the fuck have I woke to? 
 Time to eat the vocals and shit out Pro Tools 
 I know you still want me to ill out, don't you? 
 Hopin' the old Slim's gonna spill out, open 
 Fire on your whole camp with this spit, I roast you 
 So chill out, no, you 
 Hoes couldn't roast me with the shit I wrote you 
 Then I took a stand, went at Tan-Face and practically cut my motherfuckin' fan base in half and still outsold you 
 You just called my shit trash? 
 Thank God, I rap better when the odds are stacked 
 "Revival's wack, I don't like the 'Zombie' track 
 And when he's talkin' that garbage psychotic crap 
 Where's your content at? 
 What's with all the conscious rap? 
 P!nk, Beyoncé this and Kehlani that" (yeah!) 
 I just add it to the fuel in my rocket pack 
 'Til I'm ready to respond, then I'ma launch it at 'em 
 Idiotic from the fuckin' embryonic sac 
 To the body bag, I'll be back 
 And when I am, I'll be at your fuckin' throat like— 
  
 [Outro: PHresher] 
 Like Chloraseptic[Intro] 
 I own a mansion but live in a house 
 A king-size bed but I sleep on the couch 
 I'm Mr. Brightside, glass is half-full 
 But my tank's half empty, gasket just blew 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 This always happens 
 Thirty minutes from home, gotta lay a log cabin 
 Only option I have's McDonalds's bathroom 
 In a public stall, droppin' a football 
 So every time someone walks in the john, I get maddened 
 "Shady, what up?" What? Come on, man, I'm crappin' 
 And you're askin' for my goddamn autograph on a napkin? 
 Oh, that's odd, I just happened 
 To run out of tissue, yeah, hand me that 
 On second thought I'd be glad then 
 "Thanks, dawg! Name's Todd, a big fan." 
 I wiped my ass with it 
 Crumbled it up in a wad and threw it back and 
 Told him: "Todd, you're the shit," when's all of this crap end? 
 Can't pump my gas without causing an accident 
 Pump my gas, cut my grass, I can't take out the fuckin' trash 
 Without someone passin' through my sub, harassin' 
 I'd count my blessings, but I suck at math 
 I'd rather wallow than bask sufferin' succotash 
 But the ant-acid, it gives my stomach gas 
 When I mix my corn with my fuckin' mashed 
 Potatoes, so what? Ho, kiss my country bumpkin ass! 
 Missouri Southern roots, what the fuck is upper class? 
 Call lunch dinner, call dinner supper 
 Tupperware in the cupboard, plasticware up the ass 
 Stuck in the past—iPod, what the fuck is that? 
 B-Boy to the core, mule, I'm as stubborn as 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Maybe that's why I feel so strange 
 Got it all, but I still won't change 
 Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit 
 It's the motivation that keeps me goin' 
 This is the inspiration I need 
 I can never turn my back on the city that made me 
 And (life's been good to me so far) 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 They call me classless, I heard that, I second and third that 
 Don't know what the fuck I'd be doin' if it weren't rap 
 Probably be a giant turd sack 
 But I blew, never turned back 
 Turned 40 and still sag—teenagers act more fuckin' mature, Jack 
 Fuck you gonna say to me? I leave on my own terms, asshole 
 I'm goin' berzerk, my nerves are bad 
 But I love the perks my work has 
 I get to meet famous people, look at her dag 
 Her nylons are ran, her skirt's snagged 
 And I heard she drag-races, *burp* swag 
 Tuck in my Hanes shirt tag 
 You're Danica Patrick (Yeah?) word, skag 
 We'd be the perfect match 
 'Cause you're a vacuum, I'm a dirtbag 
 My apologies, no disrespect to technology 
 But what the heck is all of these buttons? 
 You expect me to sit here and learn that? 
 Fuck I gotta do to hear this new song from Luda? 
 Be an expert at computers? 
 I'd rather be an Encyclopedia Britannica, hell with 
 PlayStation, I'm still on my first man on some Zelda 
 Nintendo, bitch! Run, jump, punch, stab, and I melt the 
 Mozzarella on my spaghetti 
 Put in on bread, make a sandwich with Welch's, and belch 
 They say this spray butter is bad for my health, but 
 I think this poor white trash from the trailer 
 Jed Clampett, Fred Sanford, and welfare 
 Mentality helps to keep me grounded 
 That's why I never take full advantage of wealth, I 
 Managed to dwell within these parameters 
 Still crammin' the shelves full of Hamburger Helper 
 I can't even help it, this is the hand I was dealt, a 
 Creature of habit, feel like I'm trapped in an animal shelter 
 With all these pet peeves, goddamn it, to hell, I 
 Can't stand all these kids with their camera cellphones 
 I can't go anywhere, I get so mad I could yell, the 
 Other day, someone got all elaborate 
 And stuck a head from a fuckin' dead cat in my mailbox 
 Went to Burger King—they spit on my onion rings 
 I think my karma is catchin' up with me 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Maybe that's why I feel so strange 
 Got it all, but I still won't change 
 Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit 
 It's the motivation that keeps me goin' 
 This is the inspiration I need 
 I can never turn my back on the city that made me 
 And (life's been good to me so far) 
  
 [Bridge] 
 Got friends on Facebook all over the world 
 Not sure what that means, they tell me it's good 
 So, I'm artist of the decade, I even got a plaque 
 I'd hang it up, but the frame is all cracked 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I'm tryin' to be low-key, hopefully nobody notices me 
 In produce, hunched over, giant nosebleed 
 Ogre style as I mosey over to the frozen aisle 
 By the frozen yogurt this guy approached me 
 Embarrassed, I just did Comerica with Hova 
 The show's over, I'm hidin' in Kroger, buyin' groceries 
 He just had front-row seats 
 Told me to sign this poster, then insults me 
 "Wow! Up close didn't know you had crow's feet!" 
 I'm in the crossroads, lost, still shoppin' at Costco's 
 Sloppy Joe's, bulk waffles 
 Got caught picking my nose (agh!) 
 Look over, see these two hot hoes 
 Finger still up one of my nostrils 
 Right next to 'em, stuck at the light, the fuckin' shit's 
 Takin' forever to change, it's stuck, these bitches are lovin' it 
 Rubbin' it in, chucklin', couldn't do nothin' 
 Play it off, "What you bumpin'?" 
 "Trunk Muzik, Yelawolf's better," fuckin' bitch! 
 They want me to flip at the label, but I won't succumb to it 
 The pressure, they want me to follow up with 
 Another one, after Recovery was so highly coveted 
 But what good is a fuckin' recovery if I fumble it? 
 'Cause I'ma drop the ball if I don't get a grip 
 Hoppin' out shrubbery on you sons of bitches 
 Wrong subdivision to fuck with, bitch 
 Quit snappin' fuckin' pictures of my kids 
 I love my city, but you pushed me to the limit—what a pity! 
 The shit I complain about 
 It's like there ain't a cloud in the sky and it's rainin' out 
 Kool-Aid stain on the couch, I'll never get it out 
 But bitch, I got an elevator in my house 
 Ants and a mouse—I'm livin' the dream! 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Maybe that's why I feel so strange 
 Got it all, but I still won't change 
 Maybe that's why I can't leave Detroit 
 It's the motivation that keeps me goin' 
 This is the inspiration I need 
 I can never turn my back on the city that made me 
 And (life's been good to me so far)[Hook: X Ambassadors] 
 I'm getting by with my wicked ways 
 I'm loading up and I'm taking names 
 I wanna dig my way to hell 
 I wanna dig my way to hell 
 I'm getting by with my wicked ways 
 I'm loading up and I'm taking names 
 I wanna dig my way to hell 
 I wanna dig my way to hell 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Guess I got a way with words, I could get away with murder 
 Ever heard of Aspergers'? It's a rare condition 
 It's what you're sufferin' from when you simply don't care if it's an 
 80 degree day and there's no frickin' air conditionin' 
 And you can't see the bitch’s hair is frizzin' 
 'Cause you got the windows up, blarin' the system 
 In your Chevrolet Prizm 
 The devil ain't on a level same as him 
 Picture someone who revels in straight masochism 
 And imagine him givin' an adjective an ass-whoopin' 
 So bad they should put his ass in prison 
 A word bully, I verbally abuse verbs 
 Like they did somethin' to me personally 
 Used to get bullied, so I'd cut class and ditch it 
 Now I bully rap, I'm the shit, faggot (Sniff it!) 
 Cadillac from a K Car 
 My ass from a hole in the ground, still can’t tell 'em a-part 
 Came straight out the trailer park 
 Screamin', "I'm proud to shop at K-Mart," and it became art 
 And I'm still fed up and as pissed off as they are 
 To this day I still get in fights with the same broad 
 At the same Walmart, arguin' over the same cart 
 In the middle of the aisle whilin', I don't give a fuck, I don't play 
 Bitch, you think you saw this basket first? 
 You're ass backwards like motherfuckin' Bob and Silent Jay 
 Illest shit you could think I would say 
 Mind's like a pile of clay 
 When's the last time that you saw a villain with a cape 
 Ripped a gapin' hole in it, flipped out 
 Ripped down the drapes, tied 'em around my neck 
 Went down the fire escape of the Empire State 
 Slipped, fell straight down to the ground 
 Splattered all over the entire state 
 And straight to hell, got impaled by the gates 
 Saw Satan, stuck his face in an ashtray 
 While I sashayed around flames with a match 
 And I gave him the gas face 
 And this ain't got nothin' to do with a scale 
 Or being gay, little faggot, but by the way 
 Thoughts are gettin' darker by the day 
 I'm a combination of Skylar Grey 
 Tyler the Creator, and Violent J 
 It's a fuckin' miracle to be this lyrical 
 Paint my face with clown makeup and a smiley face 
 I'm insane, every rhyme I say 
 Sons you like an ultra-violet ray 
 I’m sellin' hatred, buffet style, all the shit you can eat 
 $11.99, so come on and pile a plate! 
 I’m throwin' down the gauntlet to see what hell I can raise 
 With the rhyme I’m spittin' while I’m shittin' on competition 
 In the meantime it’s always mean time, I'm gettin'— 
  
 [Hook: X Ambassadors] 
 I'm getting by with my wicked ways 
 I'm loading up and I'm taking names 
 I wanna dig my way to hell 
 I wanna dig my way to hell 
 I'm getting by with my wicked ways 
 I'm loading up and I'm taking names 
 I wanna dig my way to hell 
 I wanna dig my way to hell 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I’ve been a career asshole 
 I don’t see why these people always got my back 
 I done said so much fucked up shit 
 I was born a mistake, but I was put here not by accident 
 I had a purpose and that purpose 
 Was to beat a beat purplish, slaughter tracks 
 I done put my two dimes and a nickel in this shit 
 I’m comin' to get that quarter back 
 Like Ndamukong, the drama can build 
 Your mama can ask me for my autograph 
 'Cause that cougar's a MILF 
 She's the oldest trick in the book, but I sure would fall for that 
 You done brought a bat to a rocket launcher fight 
 When I get on the mic I'ma snap 
 Make you wish the ambulance that took me to the hospital 
 When I overdosed woulda caught a flat 
 If it makes you sick to your stomach acid 
 Indigestion, my suggestion’s Kaopectate 
 If it feels like I'm runnin' away with the game 
 It's 'cause I am, don't speculate, spectate 
 All I got is dick for days and insults for decades 
 But I get by with my wicked ways 
 Lady, you can suck a dick 'til your neck aches 
 Cry 'til you get puffy eyes, red faced 
 But I'm leavin' on this jet plane 
 You ain't fly, you're an airhead 
 And I'm sick of poundin' a square peg in a round hole 
 Sorry, another catchphrase 
 But your baggage ain't gon' fit in my storage overhead space 
 'Cause it just ain't big enough to fit your damaged goods 
 Other words: don't try to put your heart in a headcase 
 'Cause baby, stable mentally I ain't 
 I need my meds, I peed my bed 
 I'm going blind, I don't see my legs, I keep on falling down 
 No wonder you can't stand me, I need my cane 
 Someone help me, I think my face is melting 
 If you felt these migraines 
 And see these maggots eat my brain 
 This G-I-A-N-T hole in my empty head 
 If you read my mind, you can see my pain 
 And you'd see why I be this way 
 Ever since I was knee-high playin' with G.I. Joes 
 Told these hoes shut their P-I-E holes, now peep my game 
 'Cause I'm 'bout it 'bout it 
 Like a fuckin' (fuckin') echo (echo) 
 (Psych) Psycho on a cyclone cycle, spiralin', here I go 
 I'm outta control like no other mic go 
 Stab you 'til the knife goes – dull 
 I'm nothin' but a hole inside your skull where your eye goes 
 'Cause I'ma sock it to you! 
 Dyke ho, you don't like it? 
 Get on your Harley Davidson menstrual cycle 
 And ride it like a motorbike 
 I'm finna blow the mic the whole night, so 
 Strike up the fuckin' maestro, I'm nitro 
 And hi, ho, hand me my shovel! 
 I'm liable to dig my hole deeper 
 And it's off to H-E double hockey sticks, I go 
  
 [Hook: X Ambassadors] 
 I'm getting by with my wicked ways 
 I'm loading up and I'm taking names 
 I wanna dig my way to hell 
 I wanna dig my way to hell 
 I'm getting by with my wicked ways 
 I'm loading up and I'm taking names 
 I wanna dig my way to hell 
 I wanna dig my way to hell 
  
 [Outro/Skit: Eminem & Ken Kaniff] 
 Ohh, please be empty 
 Please be empty, please be empty 
 Thank you, God! 
 Shit… Is that a girl? 
 I'm gonna rock this blouse and put a cock in my mouth 
 And get my balls blew out, and get gay into the A.M. 
 And lay with eighteen guys naked 
 And let myself show, let myself show 
 Buttfuck it, suck it, pull it, tug it 
 Life's too short to not stroke your bone 
 So everybody, everybody 
 Circle jerk, touch my body 
 Who is that? Where are you going? Come back! 
 Why does everyone always leave me? 
 Hello? Fuck you then! 
 Blow it out your ass![Hook] 
 I am phenomenal 
 With every ounce of my blood 
 With every breath in my lungs 
 Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal 
 I am phenomenal 
 However long that it takes 
 I'll go to whatever lengths 
 It's gonna make me a monster though 
 I am phenomenal 
 But I'll never say, ‘Oh, it’s impossible’ 
 Cause I'm born to be phenomenal 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Unstoppable, unpoppable thought bubbles 
 Untoppable thoughts, fuckin' juggernaut that'll 
 Stomp you in a verse, obstacles I'm drawn to 'em 
 When the going got rough 
 Some of what I done fought through was the worst, little sissy 
 Who the fuck taught you how to persevere? 
 There ain't no situation that you ever had to respond to that's adverse 
 The messiest thing you've ever gone through was your purse 
 Yeah, I don't try like hell, then I might as well 
 Hang it up like a shelf, gotta keep growin' with it, evolve 
 Cause you can keep throwin' shit at the wall 
 But you're gonna find that nothing's gonna stick until you apply yourself 
 Time to slip in that zone 'til I find myself 
 Inside the realm of the unknown and boldly go 
 Into waters where nobody else has gone before 
 Or willing to go, uncharted, feeling is so 
 Bomb, I'm feelin' myself, I'm a giant 
 Sometimes I gotta remind myself that I am... 
  
 [Hook] 
 I am phenomenal 
 With every ounce of my blood 
 With every breath in my lungs 
 Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal 
 I am phenomenal 
 However long that it takes 
 I'll go to whatever lengths 
 It's gonna make me a monster though 
 I am phenomenal 
 But I'll never say, ‘Oh, it’s impossible’ 
 Cause I'm born to be phenomenal 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Let me self-empower you 
 When you're down and they're tryin' to clown the fuck out of you 
 And you feel like you're runnin' out of fuel 
 I'll show you how to use doubt as fuel 
 Convert it to gunpowder too 
 Now what you do is put the match to the charcoal fluid 
 Put the spark to it like Martha Stewart barbecuing 
 Ah screw it, feel like you want to hit that wall then do it 
 Punch through it, just cock back, put your all into it 
 Now you gon' take that rage and make that what you wage 
 Never take back what you say 
 If you stay strapped in your brain, engaged in a steel cage match 
 Ready to scrap asap 
 Take your fists and just ball it 
 Show who's big and who's smallest you're Christopher Wallace 
 Now picture 'em all as plastic and foam 
 Lays flat, where you put your dinner plates at 
 And set it on 'em like a placemat 
 (I am phenomenal) 
 And I want you to say that 
  
 [Hook] 
 I am phenomenal 
 With every ounce of my blood 
 With every breath in my lungs 
 Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal 
 I am phenomenal 
 However long that it takes 
 I'll go to whatever lengths 
 It's gonna make me a monster though 
 I am phenomenal 
 But I'll never say, ‘Oh, it’s impossible’ 
 Cause I'm born to be phenomenal 
  
 [Bridge] 
 Oh, step into the unknown and find yourself 
 You’re floating freely, no emotion 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Got a fuckin’ mouth with no shut-off valve 
 Can't even cut off power to it, but it's what allowed 
 Me to come up out from under the fuckin' ground 
 Cause I worked my butt off now 
 It's a subject that I don't know how to shut up about 
 Cause I stuck it out 
 Like a motherfuckin' tongue thats how 
 I responded when I got shoved around 
 You're gonna have non-believers 
 But when you're beyond belief, you probably shouldn't wonder how 
 Get it how you live 
 But are you prepared to give more than you get? 
 And put in twice what you get back from this shit 
 Though what you sacrifice barely is half, never give 
 Rap is my shiv 
 But it's like my shield at the same time I wield and my knife is will 
 Sometimes I feel just like B. Real from Cypress Hill 
 How I can just kill a cypher, survivor's guilt 
 I rhyme like life is still an uphill climb 
 Ready to face any challenge, waitin' 
 Can taste it, it's salivation, I'm wagin' retaliation 
 Look what I have built, reputation is validation 
 The only thing I'm capable of makin' is amazing 
 Only thing you're capable of makin' is a false statement 
 Or accusation... I am legendary status, in fact 
 That is the only way you'll ever be able to say 
 You're a legend is makin' an allegation 
 I write with the left, same hand I hold the mic with 
 As I fight to the death, 'til my last breath 
 Manage to prove who the best man is 
 Prevail at all costs, be the only ones left standin' 
 In the end, but I ain't gonna be the only one with the advantage 
 Of knowin' what it's like to be southpaw 
 Cause you can bet your ass you'll be left handed 
 Cause I am 
  
 [Hook] 
 I am phenomenal 
 With every ounce of my blood 
 With every breath in my lungs 
 Won't stop until I'm phe-no-menal 
 I am phenomenal 
 However long that it takes 
 I'll go to whatever lengths 
 It's gonna make me a monster though 
 I am phenomenal 
 But I'll never say, ‘Oh, it’s impossible’ 
 Cause I'm born to be phenomenal[Produced by Jeff Bass] 
  
 [Intro: Frogg] 
 Woah, a-get yo' hands in the air 
 And get to clappin' 'em and, like, back and forth 
 Because a-this is what you thought it wasn't 
 It be's the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen 
 I be the F-R-O, the double G 
 And check out my man, he goes by the name of, um, er- 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady 
 I'm a M-80, you little like that Kim lady 
 I'm buzzin', Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer 
 Cursin' at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer 
 You wacker than the motherfucker you bit yo' style from 
 You ain't gon' sell two copies if you press a double album 
 Admit it, fuck it, while we comin' out in the open 
 I'm doin' acid, crack, smack, coke, and smokin' dope then 
 My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi, Marshall) 
 I have a disease and they don't know what to call it 
 Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm comin' up quick to strip yo' cash 
 Bought a ticket to yo' concert just to come and whip yo' ass 
 Bitch, I'm comin' out swingin' so fast it'll make yo' eyes spin 
 You gettin' knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson (Pssh) 
 The proof is in the puddin', just ask DeShaun Holton 
 I'll slit yo' motherfuckin' throat worse than Ron Goldman 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 So when you see me on yo' block with two Glocks 
 Screamin', "Fuck the world" like 2Pac (I just don't give a fuck) 
 Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin' 
 Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack (I just don't give a fuck) 
 So put my tape back on the rack, go run and tell your friends 
 My shit is wack (I just don't give a fuck) 
 But see me on the street and duck 
 'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned, and snuffed 
 ('Cause I just don't give a fuck) 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a search to crush a milkbone 
 I'm everlastin', I melt vanilla ice like silicone 
 I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason 
 I'm colder than snow season when it's 20 below freezin' 
 Flavor with no seasoning, this is the sneak preview 
 I'll diss yo' magazine and still won't get a weak review 
 I'll make yo' freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals 
 This is lyrical combat, gentlemen, hold your pistols 
 But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles 
 Slim Shady, M&M was the old initials (Bye-bye) 
 Extortion, snortin', supportin' abortion 
 Pathological liar, blowin' shit outta proportion 
 The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic 
 Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict 
 Half animal, half man 
 Dumpin' yo' dead body inside of a fuckin' trash can 
 With more holes than an afghan 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 So when you see me on yo' block with two Glocks 
 Screamin', "Fuck the world" like 2Pac (I just don't give a fuck) 
 Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin' 
 Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack (I just don't give a fuck) 
 So put my tape back on the rack, go run and tell your friends 
 My shit is wack (I just don't give a fuck) 
 But see me on the street and duck 
 'Cause you finna get stuck, stoned, and snuffed 
 ('Cause I just don't give a fuck) 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Somebody let me out this limousine (Hey, let me out) 
 I'm a caged demon 
 On stage screamin' like Rage Against the Machine 
 I'm convinced I'm a fiend 
 Shootin' up while this record is spinnin' 
 Clinically brain-dead, I don't need a second opinion 
 Fuck droppin' a jewel, I'm flippin' a sacred treasure 
 I'll bite yo' motherfuckin' style just to make it fresher 
 I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches 
 Sick of naggin' bosses bitchin' while I'm washin' dishes 
 In school, I never said much, too busy havin' a head rush 
 Doin' too much rush, had my face flushed like red blush 
 Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed 
 Went to gym in eighth grade, ***** the women's swim team 
 Don't take me for a joke, I'm no comedian 
 Too many mental problems got me snortin' coke and smokin' weed again 
 I'm goin' up over the curb, drivin' on the median 
 Finally made it home but I don't got the key to get in 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 So when you see me on yo' block with two Glocks 
 Screamin', "Fuck the world" like 2Pac (I just don't give a fuck) 
 Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin' 
 Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack (I just don't give a fuck) 
 So put my tape back on the rack, go run and tell your friends 
 My shit is wack (I just don't give a fuck) 
 But see me on the street and duck 
 'Cause you finna get stuck, stoned, and snuffed 
 ('Cause I just don't give a fuck) 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 (Shit, fuck everybody) 
 Outsiderz, Pacewon, Young Zee (Fuck the entire world) 
 D.U[Produced by Mr. Porter & Jeff Bass] 
  
 [Intro] 
 Aw, yeah (It's like this, like this) 
 It's Eminem, baby 
 Back up in that motherfuckin' ass 
 (Till forever, till forever) 
 One time for your motherfuckin' mind (For MC's, MC's) 
 We represent the 313—you know what I’m sayin'? 
 Yo, they don’t know shit about this, for the '96 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction 
 To get your brain relaxin', the zany actin' maniac in action 
 A brainiac in fact, son, you mainly lack attraction 
 You look insanely wack when just a fraction of my tracks run 
 My rhymin' skills got you climbin' hills 
 I travel through your mind and to your spine like siren drills 
 I'm slimin' grills of roaches, with spray that disinfects 
 And twistin' necks of rappers 'til their spinal column disconnects 
 Put this in decks and check the monologue 
 Turn your system up, twist 'em up 
 And indulge in the marijuana smog 
 This is the season for noise pollution contamination 
 Examination of more car-tunes than animation 
 My lamination of nar-er-ration, hits a snare and bass 
 On a track for duck rapper interrogation 
 When I declare invasion, there ain't no time to be starin' gazin' 
 I turn the stage into a barren wasteland; I'm Infinite 
  
 [Hook] 
 You heard of Hell, well, I was sent from it 
 I went to it, servin' a sentence 
 For murderin' instruments 
 Now I'm tryin' to repent from it 
 But when I hear the beat, I'm tempted 
 To make another attempt at it; I'm Infinite 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Bust it, I let the beat commence 
 So I can beat the sense in your elite defense 
 I got some meat to mince 
 A crew to stomp, and then two feet to rinse 
 I greet the gents and ladies, I spoil loyal fans 
 I foil plans and leave fluids leakin' like oil pans 
 My coiled hands around this microphone are lethal 
 One thought in my cerebral 
 Is deeper than a jeep-full of people 
 MC's are feeble, I came to cause some pandemonium 
 Battle a band of phony MC's, and stand the lonely one 
 Imitator, intimidator, stimulator 
 Simulator of data, eliminator 
 There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus 
 Fuck around and catch all the venereal diseases 
 My thesis'll smash a stereo to pieces 
 My a cappella releases classic masterpieces 
 Through telekinesis, it eases you mentally 
 Gently, sentimentally, instrumentally 
 With entity, dementedly meant to be Infinite 
  
 [Hook] 
 You heard of Hell, well, I was sent from it 
 I went to it, servin' a sentence 
 For murderin' instruments 
 Now I'm tryin' to repent from it 
 But when I hear the beat, I'm tempted 
 To make another attempt at it; I'm Infinite 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Man, I got evidence, I'm never dense 
 And I've been clever ever since my residence was hesitant 
 To do some shit that represents the MO 
 So I'm assumin' all responsibility 
 ‘Cause there's a monster real in me 
 That always wants to kill emcees 
 Mic nestler, slammin' like a wrestler 
 Here to make a mess of a lyric-smugglin' embezzler 
 No one is specialer, my skill is intergalactical 
 I get cynical, act a fool 
 Then I send a crew back to school 
 I never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical 
 I'd rather let a tactical, tactful track tickle your fancy 
 In fact, I can't see, or can't imagine 
 A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratchin' 
 So this is for my family, the kid who had a cameo 
 On my last jam, plus the man who never had a plan B 
 Be all you can be, ‘cause once you make an instant hit 
 I'm tensed a bit, and tempted 
 When I see the sins my friends commit; I'm Infinite 
  
 [Hook] 
 You heard of Hell, well, I was sent from it 
 I went to it, servin' a sentence 
 For murderin' instruments 
 Now I'm tryin' to repent from it 
 But when I hear the beat, I'm tempted 
 To make another attempt at it; I'm Infinite 
 You heard of Hell, well, I was sent from it 
 I went to it, servin' a sentence 
 For murderin' instruments 
 Now I'm tryin' to repent from it 
 But when I hear the beat, I'm tempted 
 To make another attempt at it; I'm Infinite 
  
 [Outro] 
 '95, '96 ('96) 
 And on and on and on (and on and on)[Intro: Eminem] 
 Welcome to Detroit 
 This is the BET, Shady 2.0 Cypher 2011 
 Myself, Slaughterhouse, and Yelawolf 
 White Dawg, get 'em! 
 (Thank you, cracker king!) 
  
 [Verse 1: Yelawolf] 
 Put these mothafuckas in a box, then I send 'em away 
 Put 'em in a gray 'llac and pop the trunk 
 And throw 'em in the back, jack; ha, dig 'em a grave 
 Put a brick inside that Xerox when I print up a page 
 Movin' keys I can relate, 'cause I live in the cage 
 I throw up the A, I take 'em to school, I give 'em a grade 
 An easy E for effort; that's WWA 
 White with an attitude, alphabet soup is on my plate 
 All I got is Z's, they sleepin' on me, I can't get 'em awake 
 I spoon-feed 'em a sound in a room full of deceivers and clowns 
 Who believe in makin' it rain 'cause all they see is the clouds 
 And I watch from the couch of the VIP like a potato 
 With a bunch of meatheads like, "Fuck it, I'll just feed 'em a cow." 
 Plenty of white boys to pick from this year 
 But before you pick a pepper, you better pick up your heater 
 'Cause even Peter Piper could pick up a mic 
 But what it's like to pick a fight with me 
 Is like puttin' Nikes on a cheetah 
 Better speed up, or at least in my case Adidas 
 I'm out this bitch, drinkin' Sprite by the two-liter 
 Holler! Shady Records… 
  
 [Verse 2: Joe Budden] 
 Say I'm from the new school 
 I'ma say, "Check your tone and watch your mouth!" 
 If they teachin' how to Dougie, I'm condonin' droppin' out 
 Forced to wild, y'all birthed me, then gave me up 
 I just perfected being hip-hop's foster child; now check it 
 Don't blame y'all for being trash, fans are coppin' it 
 The radio's the crime scene, the masses are the hostages 
 In my youth I'd throw shots, the fad was dodgin' it 
 I'm grown, I ain't watchin' the throne, I'm sabotagin' it 
 You see that four-headed monster in the storm looms? 
 Snipe 'em from a distance; the scope got a long zoom 
 You Super Mario thugs is in the wrong room 
 Gotta figure here you won't get bigger if you on shrooms 
 If it was left to me, I'd revive what the game be 'bout 
 I'd have took the wine outta Amy house 
 Enough raps from you scrub cats 'bout cockin' a snub back 
 Wayne couldn't teach me how to love that 
 But I got this chick from uptown, she my summer bunny 
 Both parents broke, but she come from money 
 Think my bread is her paper to burn 
 So I lock her out, and now she doubt David is Stern 
 She's so bad, I make her hit the telly from a taxi 
 Then dead her in the Holiday Inn, learned that from Max B 
 That's why the haters envy, kinda wanna send me llamas 
 I made it right before their eyes, like I was Benihanas 
 Is it me, or is what I'm hearing just pitiful? 
 Airwaves the same, now the stereo's typical 
 My skin's thick, so the critics ignored 
 So unafraid to die you'd think I did it before 
 The boy's Rodman with the trash talk 
 Magic or Walt with the black ball 
 Way I bounce off the asphalt with cat paws, glass jaw 
 Hood of your mask will be the Blackfoot with no passport 
 Body be found in a mansion in one of my trapdoors 
 If punks had award you status whores categore 
 Probably be that of awards 
 Between Michael Rappaport and Kenny Lattimore 
 I know hip-hop's alive and well 
 If it died, you other crews wouldn't survive the smell 
  
 [Verse 3: Crooked I] 
 I spot a victim, the plot'll thicken when the clock is tickin' 
 I caught him slippin', I gotta give him a shot, I hit him 
 With proper spittin', hottest writtens and compositions 
 So competition's a contradiction 
 Somebody mention they got a Crooked, highly fiction 
 We probly different, got Gotti henchmen 
 Opposition, I'll body quick as Bugatti engines 
 I'm on a mission to get richer, the sickest lyric-kicker 
 Diggin' a ditch for different spitters 
 Weak lyricists get disfigured 
 Sip liquor, spit like a sick mixture 
 Of Notorious, Pun and L; get the big picture? 
 The poster, I'll roast ya 
 My mind so deadly it's just like the beanie is close to a holster 
 It's over, control my whole coastal region 
 Like I'm supposed to, flow is goin' postal even 
 Open season, heart close to freezin' 
 Ruthless as Eazy, nigga, approach, I'm squeezin' 
 Believe me, dopest West-Coaster breathin' 
 So most y'all hope I'm vegan; nope, I'm beefin' 
 Rappers need to keep it trill, give me a beat to kill 
 Too many people still eatin' sleeping pills 
 People sleepin' on my ether skills 
 And y'all ain't even real, you 'bout to die in this cypher 
 Before you die you should do the Jada and leave a will, for real 
  
 [Verse 4: Joell Ortiz] 
 I ain't a rap dude, I'm a dude who rap 
 Before this I was movin' crack 
 Killers y'all become when y'all rhyme, I salute and dap 
 And if I blink, they'll remove your snaps 
 You ain't cool, you wack, with your foolish act 
 Skinny jeans don't mean your ass shoot 
 It means your booty claps 
 Don't play like Tyler Perry 
 This the Slaughterhouse of pain, flow brown, tight and heavy 
 When it come to 16's, I'm a fiend 
 Seen in the studio near a needle with a mean lean 
 Probably writin' bars to Nas' "Thief's Theme" 
 Gettin' my Yaowa on 
 Man, all these Olajuwons, we the dream team 
 This is an all day slaughter 
 They fiendin' for us to break, like Beyonce's water 
 The four quarters doin' all the eatin' 
 And y'all gotta know why I made the cut, I'm Puerto Rican 
 Ortiz keep the fire ready; and tryin' to put me out 
 Is like tryin' to steal a transvestite from Eddie 
  
 [Verse 5: Royce Da 5'9"] 
 I'm do-or-die dope, and you can make the sticker sittin' on the door of that Phantom your suicide note 
 Hi, Rihanna! Is Nicki livin' with you? 
 Let me know so I can buy binoculars and telescopes 
 Hi, Rihanna! I don't need to know you better 
 You tell me you love my music again, we go together 
 Bye, Rihanna! Now back to y'all fools 
 We rock out, like the outside of a guitar school 
 Thousand dollar frames I prefer to see the world through 
 Don't ask me nothin' about Budden, I beat my girl too 
 You ask me why do I keep her, I say it's cheaper to 
 That's why I ride around in a Rolls, like Wiz Khalifa do 
 Rappers, I'm your daddy, I tell you straight as this 
 You don't kill, but your father will, like Jayden Smith 
 I tell you like I tell my Spanish chick 
 You fly, but I ain't going down on no landin' strip 
 So get your wax on, like Daniel San, or I'ma have to run 
 Like De la Hoya in drag when cameras come 
 Point out the greatest rapper alive, I'll headshot him 
 Smack his girl on the butt and buy her some red bottom 
 Bring every deceased rapper back to see his wife 
 While I'm cyber-sexin' with Jessica Alba via Skype 
 I’m on my D-boy, Deebo thing 
 Spiritual steelo swing, like Cee-Lo Green 
 Get out the camera with your B-Roll bling 
 You know your flow is wack 
 We cornered the market, like a Wal-Mart in a cul-de-sac 
 Yeah, this is what two million singles sold 
 And an album that's gold 
 Look like without having to sell your soul 
 Nickel! 
  
 [Verse 6: Eminem] 
 Ayo, lyrical miracle, spiritual individual, criminal 
 Subliminal in your swimming pool… (Boooooo!) 
 You're 'bout to see peace destroyed, it'll never be restored 
 When I unleash these beastly hordes on your CD stores 
 Wanna stop it? You gon' need a priest, at least three swords 
 A license to ill from the Beastie Boys 
 Three Ouija boards, and a squeegee, and please be warned 
 Don't ask what the squeegee's for 
 Or the holy water, acid raps that'll eat these floors 
 Eat a hole in a rhyme book, you see these horns? 
 And as for me, you ask when I'm gone, will he be mourned? 
 Is puke lukewarm? Should Casey Anthony do porn? 
 Can that chick fit a newborn dead baby inside a frickin' shoebox with a shoehorn 
 Smothered in chloroform, so she can go get her groove on? 
 Can she duct-tape and Velcro a fetus? 
 Joell, yo, tell Joe I need his 
 Empty box from his old shell-toed Adidas 
 So I can put these babies in a fetal position 
 They're gettin' elbows to the penis 
 Yeah, big deal, I took some little kid's Big Wheel 
 And spit in his frickin' big kids meal 
 Quit tryna bite me and pinch, you wench, sit still! 
 Did you just put your six-inch heel 
 Through my Benz windshield?! 
 Is it dust we 'bout to kick up? 
 Can Yelawolf fit a fifth of rum in a big cup 
 Between his stick shift in his frigging pickup 
 And drink like a hick redneck hillbilly will 'til he gets hicc-ups? 
 Flippin' the script up, like Mike Vick 
 Gettin' bit in his junk by a Pit, yup, I'm a sick pup 
 I'd be a horrible magician, 'cause I'd fuck a trick up 
 Fix your lips up to say somethin' fly, or zip up! 
 Aye, B, let's see: you said you were gonna do X-Y-Z 
 'Til you fuck around and get dropped 
 Like an E when you add an I-N-G 
 Don't put a K in front of that, though, when I MC 
 'Cause I'm not the king of this microphone booth 
 It's more like a phone booth 
 Superman in this bitch, Kryptonite won't do 
 It gives me more power 
 I bump the Fat Boys and eat rat poison, take meteor showers 
 Fresh outta the mental hospital 
 And me not flossin' a middle finger while I hop in a mosh pit 
 Will be like Nas doin' gospel or R&B—you crazy? 
 Me pushin' up daisies, that thought is impossible 
 As if flashin' across the news 
 Posdnuos was caught with a prostitute 
 With a huge johnson, boobs and a monstrous tube 
 Of lube, and a bra, some boots 
 Some panties, and an aqua blue Mazda 
 Swallowin' a popsicle, playin' tonsil pool 
 So kill the rumors, it ain’t happenin'; I’ma rap 'til I'm fossil fuel[Intro] 
 Yo, how do I keep 
 (Man, I don't know what’s up with these hoes, man) 
 Gettin' in relationships like this? 
 (I'm just sayin’) 
 Maybe it says somethin' about me 
 (Yeah, yup) 
 Should I look in the mirror? 
  
 [Chorus 1] 
 I just want you to be normal 
 Why can't you bitches be normal? 
 Always gotta be so extra 
 Why you always need a lecture? 
 My ex hates to talk, she's a texter 
 Even when I'm in bed layin' right next to her 
 Wants to get back together 
 Said not 'til she gets her act together 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 She thinks I'm bein’ mean and now 
 She starts to scream and shout 
 She’s about to let the demons out 
 She don't wanna see me with other females out 
 I tell the bitch to beat it, take the scenic route 
 She retaliates by tryin’ to leave the house 
 In an evening gown with her cleavage out 
 We've been down this road too many times for me to count 
 And all I can think is how— 
  
 [Chorus 2] 
 I just want you to be normal 
 Why can't you bitches be normal? 
 Always gotta be so extra 
 Like a fuckin' terrestrial 
 Guess it comes with the territory 
 My ex girl, she just declared war 
 Therefore, I better prepare for it 
 I guess bein’ weird's normal 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 And I don't know what's got a hold of me 
 Most notably I've been zonin' to Jodeci 
 I'm totally open, hopelessly devoted 
 So much so that I bet you she don't even know that she's 
 The first thing I think of when I wake up 
 And the last thing I think of 'fore I go to sleep 
 Sike, hope she don't notice me goin' through her purse 
 I know she cheats, so do I, I'm soulless, she's heartless 
 No wonder we're partners 
 Both got hundreds of charges 
 Domestic disputes but we've always 
 Swept it under the carpet 
 Even when 911 gets the call that 
 I slipped up and busted her jaw with 
 A Louisville Slugger 'cause alls it 
 Really does is make our love 
 For each other grow stronger 
 She won me over the second she tried to run me over 
 Told her I'd keep it a hun', we over 
 Kicked her out, called her back, now she's coming over 
 But why is she so wicked? 
 And how the fuck did I get so twisted 
 Up with someone so unlikable and shifty 
 We're like nitrogen and hydrogen mixed with 
 Ignitable liquids, but I'm finally seeing 
 She's only mine for the time being 
 That's why I keep bringin' up that one time she 
 Tried to two-time me 
 And throw it up in her face 'til I dry heave 
 How could I be so naive? 
 Should I leave or turn this entire evening 
 Into a motherfucking crime scene? 
 Maybe I'm just too ugly to compete with him 
 You weren't s'posed to agree, you fucking bitch! 
 'Specially when you're the one cheated first 
 Now the argument immediately becomes heated 
 You don't want me to flip, little conceited cunt 
 Eat a monkey dick wrapped in a stuffed pita fajita 
 Slut, treat it just like a drum, beat it 
 Complete it, and once you've succeeded, repeat it! 
 I love you but I hope you fuckin' die though 
 In our business your friends like to pry so 
 You've got 'em all under cover just like moles 
 Hopin' they'll come back with intel 
 But I'm the one who's thrown into the spiral 
 'Cause now the roles are reversed so here I go 
 Thinkin' I'm sly as I scroll through your iPhone 
 Who the fuck's Milo? 
 The guy at work who drives a hi-lo 
 I put a tracking device on your Chrysler 
 And follow you while you drive home 
 But like a cyclone, I just got my disguise blown 
 You recognize me and had Milo flip me off 
 Right out the passenger side window 
 I hit a light pole, you skirt off 
 And then pull up at 5 a.m. in the drive in a stretched white limo 
 Stumble in the side door and hit me in the head with Milo's demo 
 But like a drunk bum, what do I know? 
 Let's sleep on it like they did Revival 
 I told you you're the apple of my eye, so shut your pie hole 
  
 [Outro] 
 Just wanna be normal 
 Why can't you be normal? (Yeah) 
 I just wanna be normal 
 Why can't you be normal?[Intro] 
 America! Ha ha ha! We love you 
 How many people are proud to be citizens 
 Of this beautiful country of ours, the stripes and the stars 
 For the rights that men have died for to protect? 
 The women and men who have broke their necks 
 For the freedom of speech the United States government has sworn to uphold… or so we're told 
 (Yo, I want everybody to listen to the words of this song) 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I never would've dreamed in a million years I'd see 
 So many motherfuckin' people who feel like me 
 Who share the same views and the same exact beliefs 
 It's like a fuckin' army marchin' in back of me 
 So many lives I touched, so much anger aimed 
 In no particular direction, just sprays and sprays 
 And straight through your radio waves, it plays and plays 
 'Til it stays stuck in your head, for days and days 
 Who would've thought, standin' in this mirror, bleachin' my hair 
 With some peroxide, reachin' for a t-shirt to wear 
 That I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this? 
 How could I predict my words would have an impact like this? 
 I must've struck a chord with somebody up in the office 
 'Cause Congress keep tellin' me I ain't causin' nothin' but problems 
 And now they're sayin' I'm in trouble with the government 
 I'm lovin' it, I shoveled shit all my life, and now I'm dumpin' it on 
  
 [Hook] 
 White America! I could be one of your kids 
 White America! little Eric looks just like this 
 White America! Erica loves my shit 
 I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get! 
 White America! I could be one of your kids 
 White America! little Eric looks just like this 
 White America! Erica loves my shit 
 I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get! 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Look at these eyes, baby blue, baby just like yourself 
 If they were brown, Shady'd lose, Shady sits on the shelf 
 But Shady's cute, Shady knew Shady's dimples would help 
 Make ladies swoon, baby (ooh, baby!) — look at my sales! 
 Let's do the math: if I was black, I woulda sold half 
 I ain't have to graduate from Lincoln High School to know that 
 But I could rap, so fuck school, I'm too cool to go back 
 Give me the mic! Show me where the fuckin' studio's at! 
 When I was underground, no one gave a fuck I was white 
 No labels wanted to sign me, almost gave up, I was like 
 "Fuck it," until I met Dre, the only one to look past 
 Gave me a chance and I lit a fire up under his ass 
 Helped him get back to the top, every fan black that I got 
 Was prob'ly his in exchange for every white fan that he's got 
 Like damn, we just swapped: sittin' back lookin' at shit, wow 
 I'm like my skin is it startin' to work to my benefit now? 
  
 [Hook] 
 White America, I could be one of your kids 
 White America, little Eric looks just like this 
 White America, Erica loves my shit 
 I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get! 
 White America, I could be one of your kids 
 White America, little Eric looks just like this 
 White America, Erica loves my shit 
 I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get! 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 See, the problem is I speak to suburban kids 
 Who otherwise woulda never knew these words exist 
 Whose moms prob'ly woulda never gave two squirts of piss 
 'Til I created so much motherfuckin' turbulence 
 Straight out the tube, right into your livin' rooms I came 
 And kids flipped when they knew I was produced by Dre 
 That's all it took, and they were instantly hooked right in 
 And they connected with me too, because I looked like them 
 That's why they put my lyrics up under this microscope 
 Searchin' with a fine tooth comb, it's like this rope 
 Waitin' to choke, tightenin' around my throat 
 Watchin' me while I write this, like, "I don't like this note!" 
 All I hear is: lyrics, lyrics, constant controversy 
 Sponsors working round the clock to try to stop my concerts early 
 Surely hip-hop was never a problem in Harlem, only in Boston 
 After it bothered the fathers of daughters startin' to blossom 
 So now I'm catchin' the flak from these activists when they raggin' 
 Actin' like I'm the first rapper to smack a bitch or say "faggot," shit 
 Just look at me like I'm your closest pal 
 The posterchild, the motherfuckin' spokesman now, for— 
  
 [Hook] 
 White America, I could be one of your kids 
 White America, little Eric looks just like this 
 White America, Erica loves my shit 
 I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get! 
 White America, I could be one of your kids 
 White America, little Eric looks just like this 
 White America, Erica loves my shit 
 I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get! 
  
 [Outro] 
 So to the parents of America, I am the Derringer 
 Aimed at little Erica to attack her character 
 The ringleader of this circus of worthless pawns 
 Sent to lead the march right up to the steps of Congress 
 And piss on the lawns of the White House 
 To burn the ​​flag​​ and replace it with a Parental Advisory sticker 
 To spit liquor in the faces of this democracy of hypocrisy 
 Fuck you, Ms. Cheney! Fuck you, Tipper Gore! 
 Fuck you with the freest of speech this Divided States of Embarrassment will allow me to have! Fuck you! 
  
 Ha ha ha, I'm just playin', America 
 You know I love you[Verse: Eminem] 
 Here we go aga-ain, from heroes to villains 
 Used to be your Romeo but we both were jilted 
 A couple of times, so we had a slippery slope to deal with 
 But still, it gave me hope that we'll get 
 Through it together, a severed earlobe 
 Mailed to you in a E-N-V-elope 
 Would be dope, but what kind of lengths can you go? 
 Pull a Vincent van Gogh, just to convince a damn ho 
 To be a housewife who outright lies 
 She's blackout drunk, now she's backin' out my drive 
 I ran outside, why is she tryna act out? 
 She's just about my size, hit me in the mouth twice 
 Guys, when someone you'd die for 
 Sticks a steak knife in your heart, do you try more? 
 Another late night in, she stumbles through my door 
 Lets the daylight in and all we do's fight more 
 And I ain't violent, but she's goin' through my drawers 
 To plant the K-Y in, I'm gettin' accused by a whore 
 Who smells like St. Ides and who's prob'ly screwed five more 
 Guys, sucked eight/nine men 
 I'm takin' two-by-fours to our eight-by-tens 
 Bitch, it's you I tore out the frame, I win 
 Put up a new high score, beat this game I'm in 
 And here's some two-ply for when you date my friends 
 In order to wipe your ass when you moved your bowels 
 When we renewed our vows, this the thanks I get? 
 I'm waitin' for the day I can 
 Hear you say, "Marshall, what a skank I've been!" 
 "And there's a new guy, you're being replaced by him." 
 Got your tubes tied for him, got that boob job for him 
 Hurts me to my core, but the pain I'm in 
 After you, I swore to make the gray skies end 
 Here come the rays like when 
 You get a pay hike and 
 Am I the good guy or do I just play like him 
 And hope that he dumps you? 
 It's like a dream come true, just to scream "Fuck you!" 
 Guess you take life in the same way you play dice then 
 'Cause you just look at me and roll them little snake eyes in 
 Since— 
  
 [Chorus: Jessie Reyez] 
 Since you bought the jury, they'll call me guilty 
 They'll call me guilty 
 You bought the jury, they'll call me guilty 
 Even though you know the real me 
 You can't beat a cheater, convince a nonbeliever 
 And I ain't in my feelings, I'm out 
 But I'll let you say that you're the good guy 
 'Cause this ain't what love looks like 
 You can't beat a cheater, convince a nonbeliever 
 I ain't in my feelings, I'm out 
 But I'll let you say that you're the good guy 
 Play like you're the good guy 
 Play like, play like,  play like you're the good guy[Intro] 
 Or Eminem has a full line of chainsaws 
 Eminem, Eminem, Eminem, Eminem, Eminem, Eminem 
 Marshall Mathers, Eminem, the rapper Eminem 
 "Who can say for sure? Perhaps a frontal lobotomy would be the answer. If science could operate on this distorted brain and put it to good use, society would reap a great benefit." 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I walk around like a space cadet, place your bets 
 Who's likely to become a serial killer? Case of Tourettes 
 Fuck, fuck-fuck, can't take the stress 
 I make a mess as the day progresses 
 Angry and take it out on the neighbors' hedges 
 Like this is how I'll cut your face up, bitches, with these hedge-trimmin' scissors with razor edges 
 Imagination's dangerous, it's the only way to escape this mess 
 And make the best of this situation, I guess 
 'Cause I feel like a little bitch, this predicament's 
 Despicable, I'm sick of just gettin' pushed, it's ridiculous 
 I look like a frickin' wuss, a pussy, this kid just took 
 My stick of licorice and threw my sticker books in a picker bush 
 I wanna kick his tush, but I was six and shook 
 This fucker was 12 and was six foot, with a vicious hook 
 He hit me, I fell; I got back up, all I did was book 
 Now there's using your head, Momma always said— 
  
 [Chorus] 
 If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous 
 A brain, you'd be dangerous (I'ma prove you wrong) 
 Momma, I'ma grow one day to be famous 
 And I'ma be a pain in the anus (I'ma be the bomb) 
 I'ma use my head as a weapon 
 Find a way to escape this insaneness (Momma always said) 
 "Son, if you had a brain, you'd be dangerous." 
 Guess it pays to be brainless 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Fast forward some years later, a teenager; this is fun, sweet 
 I just got jumped twice in one week, it's complete 
 It's usually once a month, this is some feat I've accomplished 
 They've stomped me into the mud, gee, for what reason you stumped me? 
 But how do you get the shit beat out of you, beat down 
 And be upbeat when you don't have nothing? 
 No valid shot at life, chance to make it or succeed 
 'Cause you're doomed from the start, it's like you grew up on Jump Street, from jump street 
 But if I could just get my head out my ass 
 I could accomplish any task, practicin' trash-talkin' in a trance 
 Locked in my room, yeah, but I got some plans, Momma 
 These damn rhymes are falling out of my pants pocket, I can't stop it! 
 And I'm starting to blend in more, in school this shit helps for sure 
 I'm getting more self-assured than I've ever been before 
 Plus no one picks on me anymore 
 I done put a stop to that, threw my first punch—end of story 
 Still, in my skull’s a vacant empty void, been usin' it more as a bin for storage 
 Take some inventory: in this gourd there's a Ford engine 
 Door hinge, syringe, an orange, an extension cord, and a Ninja sword 
 Not to mention four linchpins, an astringent stored 
 Ironin’ board, a bench, a wrench, a ore winch, an attention whore 
 Everything but a brain, but dome's off the fuckin' chain 
 Like an independent store, something's wrong with my 
 Head, just think if I had a brain in it, thank God that I 
 Don't, 'cause I'd probably be Dahmer, 'cause Momma always said— 
  
 [Chorus] 
 If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous 
 A brain, you'd be dangerous (I'ma prove you wrong) 
 Momma, I'ma grow one day to be famous 
 And I'ma be a pain in the anus (I'ma be the bomb) 
 I'ma use my head as a weapon 
 Find a way to escape this insaneness (Momma always said) 
 "Son, if you had a brain, you'd be dangerous." 
 Guess it pays to be brainless 
  
 [Bridge] 
 Now my mom goes wahm-wahm-wahm 
 'Cause I'm not that smart, but I'm not dumb 
 I was on the bottom of the pile, gettin' stomped 
 But somehow I came out on top 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I told you one day, I said they'd have that red carpet rolled out, yo 
 I'm nice, y'all, fuck it, I'm out cold, now everywhere I go 
 They scream out, "Go!", I'm 'bout to clean house, yo 
 I'm Lysol, now I'm just household 
 Outsold the sell-outs, freak the hell out Middle America 
 Hear 'em yell out in terror, they were so scared, and those kids 
 Just about belted out whatever spouted 
 Or fell out my smart aleck mouth, it was so weird 
 Inappropriate? So be it, I don't see it 
 Maybe one day when the smoke clears, it won't be as 
 Motherfuckin' difficult, yeah 
 'Til then, hopefully you little homos get over your fears and phobias 
 It's okay to be scared straight, they said I provoke queers 
 'Til emotions evoke tears, my whole career's 
 A stroke of sheer genius, smoke and mirrors, tactical, practical jokes, yeah 
 You motherfuckin'— insert insult here 
 Who the fuck woulda thunk that one little ole MC'd 
 Be able to take the whole culture and reupholster it? 
 And boy, they did flock; can't believe this little hick locked 
 This hip-hop shit in his hip pocket, and still the shit got 
 That white-trash traffic in gridlock, shit hoppin' like six blocks 
 From a Kid Rock/Insane Clown Posse concert in mid Oc- 
 -tober, and God forbid I see a wizard 
 And get a brain in my titanium cranium, y'all 
 'Cause I'll turn into the Unabomber, Momma always said— 
  
 [Chorus] 
 If you had a brain, you'd be dangerous 
 A brain, you'd be dangerous (I'ma prove you wrong) 
 Momma, I'ma grow one day to be famous 
 And I'ma be a pain in the anus (I'ma be the bomb) 
 I'ma use my head as a weapon 
 Find a way to escape this insaneness (Momma always said) 
 "Son, if you had a brain, you'd be dangerous." 
 Guess it pays to be brainless 
  
 [Outro] 
 "Insaneness" ain't even a word, you stupid fuck! 
 Neither is "ain't"[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 You claim if you get knocked by the cops 
 You'll give 'em not even a statement 
 Walk in the arraignment 
 Shoot the bailiff, karate kick the plaintiff 
 Gotti with the stainless 
 I'll just call it shoddy entertainment 
 If y'all was in the party gettin' faded 
 On molly, had the audience sedated 
 You wouldn't catch a body if it fainted 
 Probably let it fall and hit the pavement 
 But you'd be the first lobbyin' to claim it 
 Bitch, stop bein' a lame 
 Your hobby isn’t robbery and dismemberin' body limbs 
 Like you was Tommy Lynn Sells 
 And chainsawin' them in the basement 
 Hardly fits your job description 
 Ain't nobody dippin' 
 Out the back of the club like "Oh my God, he's trippin'!" 
 Only time you get the blade is probably with the dang lawn equipment, ain't it? 
 Wouldn't take a bobby pin and wave it 
 I need to stop bein' debated 
 You're still copyin', Xeroxing, I'm still copping a feel 
 Like Bill Cosby at will, popping a pill 
 Then spill Oxys in Jill's coffee 
 Then send her out to the hotel lobby a lil' wobbly and still groggy 
 This blonde fuck's reprehensible 
 Misconducts, never sensible 
 Kiss my butt, my set of principles 
 Is gone, but 'til I get the President to respond 
 My pen and pencil is a missile launcher 
 And send it to Mitch McConnell 
 Just as big of a bitch as Donald—shit's on, bruh! (haha) 
 Let me sing this shit soprano 
 While I do it pizzicato 
 Ivanka, stiff-arm her while I'm hittin' on Melania 
 And this song's for all ya 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem & Kent Jones] 
 'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me 
 They want me to go eat some worms 
 I hope you offended 
 And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt 
 But I'ma make you eat your words 
 I hope you offended 
 You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up 
 'Cause you're only gonna make things worse 
 I hope you offended 
 'Cause I swear when I get up, I'm never gonna let up 
 'Til everybody eats my turds 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 These drums and hard snares bring out the worst in me 
 Like Justin Ross Harris at a nursery 
 Goin' ham at candy yam on nanny cam 
 I'm gettin' handies with the zanny Xannys in the Caddy armrest 
 I'm imagining objects 
 So I'm batting cobwebs from a daddy longleg 
 In Hamtramck, got the panoramic camera 
 Xanax, a banana hammock and a Santa hat 
 I'm smellin' like a damn mechanic 
 With a chick that looks like Janet Jackson with a Spanish accent 
 Twice her age and I'm actin' half it (ha-ha!) 
 Grow up? Nah, not that I know of, y'all 
 Basement just got a frickin' overhaul 
 Got a stripper pole installed 
 Started rollin' all through those Klonopins like a bowlin' ball 
 Like an overdose on twice the ratio of Propofol 
 And go through no withdrawal 
 While I get fellatio and give a facial to 
 An interracial blow-up doll of Rachel Dolezal 
 You're so appalled ("Em…"), so's my manager 
 Bitch, I am mature, fuck a pro career 
 Coast is clear, but nowhere to go from here 
 And nobody's close so don't compare 
 They ain't nowhere near, I'm way over here 
 My competition can't see me—'cause I don't own a mirror! 
 But, Marshall, you are terrific, so smart and gifted 
 I'm so narcissistic, when I fart I sniff it 
 Do a fake dab to smell my armpits, whiff it 
 Your anxiety's throwin' gang signs 
 But I made strides with these rape lines 
 I'm cuttin' back on women hate crimes 
 Like Ray Rice when he FaceTimes 
 Bang, bang, bang, bang time 
 Dang knives're butcher than gay wives 
 You're gonna need sutures the same size 
 As the blade I push into caput'cha 
 When I pull 'em like… (what?) sleigh rides 
 Gotta stab a bitch at least eight times to make it on Dateline 
 I came to stake my claim like a canine waitin' in a buffet line 
 So, Kellyanne Conway, I'm a really bad hombre 
 Come play, belly dance on me 
 I've been making wedding plans all day 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem & Kent Jones] 
 'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me 
 They want me to go eat some worms 
 I hope you offended 
 And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt 
 But I'ma make you eat your words 
 I hope you offended 
 You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up 
 'Cause you're only gonna make things worse 
 I hope you offended 
 'Cause I swear when I get up, I'm never gonna let up 
 'Til everybody eats my turds 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Eight-year-old with the wordplay 
 Girl, take this pole like a survey 
 Today wasn't my birthday 
 But I'm caked up like a dessert tray 
 So we're in shape, 'cause you're in a slurrin' state 
 I’m a ten, you’re an eight 
 Like what I do before, after, and durin' (Rape!) 
 You wanna get into a pissin' contest and find out who's better? 
 And be made a fool out of when I pull on 'em? 
 R. Kelly with a full bladder 
 Non-high school grad, I'm not a scholar 
 But I'm so cold when I'm droppin' knowledge 
 My degrees is the same as I got in college (zero) 
 But nobody's hotter, you owe me my respect 
 I owe you nada like Haloti, partner 
 Blow me, told you I'm so dirty, homie 
 You can throw me in some holy water 
 With some floaties on and get the soap and try to 
 Get the Pope to hold me while you hose me off 
 And nope, I won't be washed 
 You hope to God I don't explode 
 I gotta blow this spot up though, I got a lotta mo' 
 I won't put the sugar coating on it though 
 'Cause sometimes you can feel like your energy's expired 
 Rap's got you drained, dead tired, zapped 
 You feel like a wet pile of crap 
 But look, man, like the feds buggin' my phone 
 Uh-huh, I get why you're tapped 
 But you gotta get your fire back! 
 "Catch fire, get upset and fire back" 
 Is what I tell myself when times get bad 
 'Cause sometimes I might get sad 
 But I take the same advice I had 
 And tell myself like I used to tell Hailie when life's a drag 
 Told her to do like her dad: don't cry, get mad! 
 'Cause little baby powders belong in diaper bags 
 I'm hyper, by the time you see this side of me 
 I'm right in your ass (sodomy!) 
 Foot up it, I stood up for the kid 
 Who had to put up with the bullies at his school (at his school) 
 You ain't had to have no money 
 Or go shoppin' just to cop a fuckin' attitude (attitude) 
 Now my dough's amountin' to a mountain 
 That's rised too high to count it 
 Never asked to be rich, all I did was wish 
 I had a dime for every time that I was doubted 
 But then I think about it, then I'm enraged 
 'Cause I just figured out that if I was paid 
 For the time I spent to put the pen to the page 
 It'd be minimum wage 
 But it's embedded in my head I never 
 Hunted for the bread and butter 
 What I wanted was to be the one that they was scared of but 
 I'm never gonna get the credit for the sweat and blood 
 I put up in the pen, and when I'm dead I wonder 
 Will they put me on a pedestal 
 Or forget I was ever this incredible? 
 I guess I better go harder than ever 'cause 
 I'll never get another mothafuckin' opportunity again 
 To offend as many people with this I can simply because I can 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem & Kent Jones] 
 'Cause nobody likes me, everybody hates me 
 They want me to go eat some worms 
 I hope you offended 
 And drag my name through the mud, through the dirt 
 But I'ma make you eat your words 
 I hope you offended 
 You can try to hold me down, but you better let me up 
 'Cause you're only gonna make things worse 
 I hope you offended 
 'Cause I swear when I get up, I'm never gonna let up 
 'Til everybody eats my turds[Intro: Eminem & Nate Dogg] 
 Shady, Aftermath 
 (Look at that bitch, shit – hey!) 
 There she go, shakin' that ass on the flo' 
 Bumpin' and grindin' that pole 
 The way she's grindin' that pole 
 I think I'm losin' control 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Get buzzed, get drunk, get crunk, get fucked up 
 Hit the strip club, don't forget ones, get your dick rubbed 
 Get fucked, get sucked, get wasted, shit faceted 
 Pasted, plastered – puke, drink, throw up 
 Get a new drink, hit the bathroom sink, throw up 
 Wipe your shoe clean, got a routine goin' 
 Still got a few chunks on them shoestrings showin' 
 I was dehydrated 'til the beat vibrated 
 I was revived as soon as this bitch gyrated 
 Them hips and licked them lips, and that was it 
 I had to get Nate Dogg in to sing some shit 
  
 [Verse 2: Nate Dogg] 
 Two to the one, from the one to the three 
 I like good pussy and I like good tree 
 Smoke so much weed, you wouldn't believe 
 And I get mo' ass than a toilet seat 
 Three to the one, from the one to the three 
 I met a bad bitch last night in the D 
 Let me tell you how I made her leave with me: 
 Conversation and Hennessy 
 I've been to the motherfuckin' mountaintop 
 Heard motherfuckers talk, seen 'em drop 
 If I ain't got a weapon I'ma pick up a rock 
 And when I bust yo' ass I'm gon' continue to rock 
 Get your ass off the wall with your two left feet 
 It's real easy, just follow the beat 
 Don't let that fine girl pass you by 
 Look real close 'cause strobe lights lie 
  
 [Bridge: Nate Dogg] 
 We 'bout to have a party (Turn the music up!) 
 Let's get it started (Go 'head and shake your butt!) 
 I'm lookin' fo' a girl with a body and a sexy strut 
 Wanna get it poppin', baby? Step right up 
 Some girls, they act retarded 
 Some girls are 'bout it, 'bout it 
 I'm lookin' fo' a girl that will do whatever the fuck 
 I say, every day she be givin' it up 
  
 [Hook: Nate Dogg] 
 (Now) Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
 Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
 Oh, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
 Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 I'm a menace, a dentist, an oral hygienist 
 Open your mouth for about four or five minutes 
 Take a little bit of this fluoride rin-inse 
 Swish, but don't spit it; swallow it and now finish 
 Yeah, me and Nate D-O Double-G 
 Lookin' for a couple bitches with some double D's 
 Pop a little champagne and a couple E's 
 Slip it in her bubbly, we finna, finna 
  
 [Bridge 2: Nate Dogg & Eminem] 
 We 'bout have a party (Turn the music up!) 
 Let's get it started (Go 'head and shake your butt!) 
 I'm lookin' fo' a girl I can fuck in my Hummer truck 
 Apple Bottom jeans and a big ol' butt 
 Some girls, they act retarded (Man, I told you) 
 Some girls are 'bout it, 'bout it 
 I want a bitch to sit at the crib with no panties on 
 Knows that she can, but she won't say no 
  
 [Verse 4: Nate Dogg with Eminem] 
 (Now) Look at this lady all in front of me, sexy as can be 
 Tonight I want a slut, would you be mine? 
 Heard you was freaky from a friend of mine 
 Now, I hope you don't get mad at me 
 But I told Nate you was a freak 
 He said he wants a slut, hope you don't mind 
 I told him how you like it from behind 
  
 [Hook: Nate Dogg] 
 (Now) Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
 Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
 Oh, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
 Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me 
  
 [Bridge: Nate Dogg] 
 We 'bout to have a party (Turn the music up!) 
 Let's get it started (Go 'head and shake your butt!) 
 I'm lookin' fo' a girl with a body and a sexy strut 
 Wanna get it poppin', baby? Step right up 
 Some girls, they act retarded 
 Some girls are 'bout it, 'bout it 
 I'm lookin' fo' a girl that will do whatever the fuck 
 I say, every day she be givin' it up 
  
 [Outro: Nate Dogg & Eminem] 
 There she go, shakin' that ass on the flo' 
 Bumpin' and grindin' that pole 
 The way she's grindin' that pole 
 I think I'm losin' control 
 God! 
 I ain't leavin' without you, bitch! 
 You're comin' home with me! 
 And my boy, and his boy – and his boy, and his girl 
 Ha-ha, Nate Dogg![Intro: Eminem] 
 Only reason I dissed you in the first place 
 Is 'cause you denied seeing me 
 Now I'm pissed off 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Sit back, homie, relax, in fact grab a six pack 
 Kick back while I kick facts, yeah, Dre—sick track 
 Perfect way to get back, wanna hear something wick-wack 
 I got the same exact tat that's on Nick's back 
 I'm obsessed now, oh gee 
 Is that supposed to be me in the video with the goatee? 
 Wow Mariah, didn't expect you to go balls out 
 Bitch, shut the fuck up 'fore I put all them phone calls out 
 You made to my house when you was wildin' out before Nick 
 When you was on my dick and give you something to smile about 
 How many times you fly to my house, still tryin' to count 
 Better shut your lyin' mouth if you don't want Nick findin' out 
 You probably think 'cause it's been so long 
 If I had something on you I woulda did it by now 
 Oh on the contrary, Mary Poppins, I'm mixin' our studio 
 Session down and sendin' it to masterin' to make it loud 
 Enough dirt on you to murder you 
 This is what the fuck I do; Mariah it ever occurred to you 
 That I still have pictures? However you prefer to do 
 And that goes for Nick too, faggot, you think I'm scurred of you? 
 You're gonna ruin my career, you better get one 
 Like I'ma sit and fight with you over some slut bitch cunt 
 That made me put up with her psycho ass over six months 
 And only spread her legs to let me hit once, yeah 
 What you gonna say, I'm lucky? Tell the public that I was so ugly 
 That you fuckin' had to be drunk to fuck me? 
 Second base, what the fuck you tell Nick, Pumpkin? 
 The second week we were dry humpin', that's gotta count for something 
 Listen, girly, surely you don't want me to talk 
 About how I nutted early 'cause I ejaculated prematurely 
 And bust all over your belly and you almost started hurlin' 
 And said I was gross, go get a towel, your stomach's curlin' 
 Or maybe you do, but if I'm embarrassin' me 
 I'm embarrassin' you and don't you dare say it isn't true 
 As long as that song's gettin' airplay I'm dissin' you 
 I'm a hair away from gettin' carried away and gettin' sued 
 I was gonna stop at sixteen, that was thirty-two 
 This is thirty-four bars, we ain't even third of the way through 
 Damn Slim, Mariah played you, Mariah who? 
 Oh did I say "whore", Nick? I meant a liar too 
 Like I've been goin' off on you all this time 
 For no reason, girl, you out your alcoholic mind 
 Check your wine cellar, look at the amounts of all the wine 
 Like I fuckin' sit around and think about you all the time 
 I just think this shit is funny when I pounce you on a rhyme 
 But fuck it now I'm 'bout to draw the line 
 And for you to cross it that's a mountain that I doubt you wanna climb 
 I can describe areas of your house you wouldn't find 
 On an episode of Cribs, I blow below the ribs 
 If I hear another word so don't go openin' your jibs 
 'Cause every time you do it's like an overload of fibs 
 I ain't sayin' this shit again, ho, you know what it is 
 It's a warning shot, 'fore I blow up your whole spot 
 Call my bluff and I'll release every fuckin' thing I got 
 Includin' the voicemails right before you flipped your top 
 When me and Luis were tryin' to stick two CDs in the same slot 
  
 [Interlude: Mariah Carey] 
 Slim Shady, artful dodger 
 Slim Shady, artful dodger 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem (& Mariah Carey)] 
 (I love you) I love you, too 
 Let me whisper sweet nothings into your ear, boo 
 Now what you say? (It's nothing) Yeah so what I'll do 
 Is refresh your memory when you said (I want you) 
 Now should I keep goin' or should we call truce? 
 (You think you're cute, right?) You bet your sweet ass I do 
 (I'm Mary Poppins, baby) And I'm Superman, ooh 
 (Mary P; Slim Shady) Comin' at you 
 So if you'll still be my (Baby girl) 
 Then I'll still be your (Superhero) 
 (Oh and Em?) Yeah, I'm right here 
 (You like this) Nope, not anymore dear 
 It cuts like a (knife) when I tell you get a (life) 
 But I'm movin' on with mine, Nick, 'cause that's your (wife) 
 Well tell her to shut her mouth then I'll leave her alone 
 If she don't (stick to the script) then I'ma just keep goin' 
 Damn 
  
 [Outro: Mariah Carey] 
 I see Mary Ann, Mary Ann's saying cut the tape 
 Cut the tape, knife[Intro] 
 Okay, I'm going to attempt to drown myself 
 You can try this at home 
 You can be just like me 
 Mic check, one-two, we recordin'? 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I'm cancerous, so when I diss, you wouldn't wanna answer this 
 If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus 
 I'll strangle you to death, then I'll choke you again 
 And break your fuckin' legs 'til your bones poke through your skin 
 You beef with me, I'ma even the score equally 
 Take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally 
 I get too blunted off of funny home grown 
 'Cause when I smoke out, I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono 
 (Oh no) So if I said I never did drugs 
 That would mean I lie and get fucked more than the President does 
 Hilary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert 
 I ripped her fuckin' tonsils out and fed her sherbet (Bitch) 
 My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge 
 Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out (C'mere) his blond dreads (Fuck you) 
 Every girl I ever went out with has gone les' 
 Follow me and do exactly what the song says 
 Smoke weed, take pills, drop out of school, kill people 
 And drink, jump behind the wheel like it was still legal 
 I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal 
 So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill 
 Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin' skill 
 'Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill 
 But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist 
 How the fuck can I be white? I don't even exist 
 I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave 
 Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave 
 My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave? 
 And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave? 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Now, follow me and do exactly what you see 
 Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me? 
 I slap women and eat shrooms, then OD 
 Now, don't you want to grow up to be just like me? 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole 
 When we heard a knock at the door, must've been Ron Gold 
 Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold 
 Killed them both, then smeared blood on the white Bronco 
 (We did it) My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk 
 I slapped Garth Brooks out of his rhinestone shirt 
 I'm not a player, just a ill rhyme sayer 
 That'll spray a aerosol can up at the ozone layer 
 My rap style's warped, I'm runnin' out the morgue 
 With your dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch 
 Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon with a cape on 
 And beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn 
 I'm 'bout as normal as Norman Bates with deformative traits 
 A premature birth that was four minutes late 
 Mother, are you there? I love you 
 I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel (That shovel) 
 Will someone please explain to my brain 
 That I just severed the main vein with a chainsaw and I'm in pain? 
 I take a breather and sigh, either I'm high or I'm nuts 
 'Cause if you ain't tiltin' this room, neither am I 
 So when you see your mom with a thermometer shoved in her ass 
 Then it probably is obvious I got it on with her 
 'Cause when I drop this solo shit, it's over with 
 I bought Cage's tape, opened it, and dubbed over it 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I came to the club drunk with a fake ID 
 Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me? 
 I've been with ten women who got HIV 
 Now, don't you wanna grow up to be just like me? 
 I got genital warts and it burns when I pee 
 Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me? 
 I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree 
 You probably wanna grow up to be just like me[Intro: Mark Avery & Eddie] 
 Meet Eddie, 23 years old 
 Fed up with life and the way things are going 
 (Damn, I'm going fucking insane) 
 He decides to rob a liquor store 
 (I gotta take this shit, I can't take it no more, holmes) 
 But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart 
 (Shit is mine) 
 And suddenly (I gotta do this) 
 His conscience comes into play (I gotta do this) 
  
 [Verse 1: Dr. Dre, Eminem, & (Eddie)] 
 Alright, stop (Huh?) 
 Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store 
 And try to get money out the drawer 
 You better think of the consequence (Who are you?) 
 I'm your motherfuckin' conscience 
 That's nonsense 
 Go in, gaffle the money, and run to one of your aunt's cribs 
 And borrow a damn dress and one of her blond wigs 
 (Can I borrow this?) 
 Tell her you need a place to stay, you'll be safe for days 
 If you shave your legs with Renee's razor blades 
 Yeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed to 
 The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you 
 Think about it before you walk in the door first 
 Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns 
 Fuck that, do that shit, shoot that bitch 
 Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich? 
 Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch? 
 Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids? 
 Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it (You're right) 
 Not over this shit (Stop) 
 Drop the biscuit (I will) 
 Don't even listen to Slim, yo, he's bad for you 
 You know what, Dre? I don't like your attitude 
  
 [Skit: Stan, Girl] 
 Come on, just come in here for a minute 
 I don't know 
 Look, look, look 
 Damn 
 Look, it's gonna be alright, alright? 
 O-okay 
 Look, give me a kiss, pull your pants off, come on 
  
 [Interlude: Mark Avery] 
 Meet Stan, 21 years old 
 After meeting a young girl at a rave party 
 Things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom 
 Once again, his conscience comes into play 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem & Dr. Dre] 
 Now, listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek 
 And smearin' her lipstick, slip this in her drink 
 Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe 
 Yo, this girl's only fifteen years old 
 You shouldn't take advantage of her, it's not fair 
 Yo, look at her bush, does it got hair? (Uh-huh) 
 Fuck this bitch right here on the spot, bare 
 'Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there 
 Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie Kids? 
 No, but I seen the porno with Sun Doobiest 
 Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail? 
 Man, fuck that, hit that shit raw dog, then bail 
  
 [Interlude: The Isley Brothers, Mark Avery, (Grady), & Grady's Wife] 
 Here I lay 
 (Man, it feels good to be home) 
 Meet Grady, a 29-year-old construction worker 
 After coming home from a hard day's work 
 He walks in the door of his trailer park home 
 To find his wife in bed with another man 
 (What the fuck?) Grady 
  
 [Verse 3: Dr. Dre & Eminem] 
 Alright, calm down, relax, start breathin' 
 Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin' 
 While you at work, she's with some dude tryna get off 
 Fuck slittin' her throat, cut this bitch's head off 
 Wait, what if there's an explanation for this shit? 
 What, she tripped, fell, landed on his dick? 
 Tsh, alright, Shady, maybe he's right, Grady 
 But think about the baby before you get all crazy 
 Okay, thought about it? Still wanna stab her? 
 Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her? 
 That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard 
 You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes? 
 What you say? 
 What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember? 
 I'ma kill you, motherfucker 
 Uh-uh, temper, temper 
 Mr. Dre, Mr. N.W.A, Mr. AK 
 Comin' straight outta Compton, y'all better make way 
 How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent? 
 'Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went 
 Been there, done that 
 Aw, fuck it, what am I sayin'? 
 Shoot 'em both, Grady, where's your gun at?[Produced by DJ Khalil & Danny Keyz] 
  
 [Chorus: Liz Rodrigues & Eminem] 
 Too late for the other side 
 Caught in a chase, 25 to life 
 Too late for the other side 
 Caught in a chase, 25 to life 
 Too late 
 (I can't keep chasing you 
 I'm taking my life back) 
 Caught in a chase, 25 to life 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I don't think she understands the sacrifices that I've made 
 Maybe if this bitch had acted right I woulda stayed 
 But I've already wasted over half my life, I woulda laid 
 Down and died for you, I no longer cry for you, no more pain 
 Bitch, you took me for granted 
 Took my heart and ran it straight into the planet 
 Into the dirt, I can no longer stand it, now my respect, I demand it 
 I'ma take control of this relationship, command it 
 And I'ma be the boss of you now, goddamn it 
 And what I mean is that I will no longer let you control me 
 So you better hear me out, this much you owe me 
 I gave up my life for you, totally devoted to you I have stayed 
 Faithful all the way, this is how I fuckin' get repaid? 
 Look at how I dress, fuckin' baggy sweats, go to work a mess 
 Always in a rush to get back to you, I ain't heard you yet 
 Not even once say you appreciate me, I deserve respect 
 I've done my best to give you nothin' less than perfectness 
 And I know that if I end this I'll no longer have nothin' left 
 But you keep treatin' me like a staircase: it's time to fuckin' step 
 And I won't be comin' back, so don't hold your fuckin' breath 
 You know what you've done, no need to go in-depth 
 I told you you'd be sorry if I fuckin' left 
 I laughed while you wept, how's it feel now? 
 Yeah, funny, ain't it? You neglected me 
 Did me a favor, though, my spirit free you've set 
 But a special place for you in my heart I have kept 
 It's unfortunate, but it's… 
  
 [Chorus: Liz Rodrigues & Eminem] 
 Too late for the other side 
 Caught in a chase, 25 to life 
 (Can't take no more) 
 Too late for the other side 
 Caught in a chase, 25 to life 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I feel like when I bend over backwards for you, all you do is laugh 
 ‘Cause that ain't good enough 
 You expect me to fold myself in half 'til I snap 
 Don't think I'm loyal, all I do is rap 
 How can I moonlight on the side? I have no life outside of that 
 Don't I give you enough of my time? You don't think so, do you? 
 Jealous when I spend time with the girls 
 Why I'm married to you still? Man, I don't know 
 But tonight I'm serving you with papers 
 I'm divorcing you – go marry someone else and make 'em famous! 
 And take away their freedom like you did to me 
 Treat 'em like you don't need 'em and they ain't worthy of you 
 Feed 'em the same shit that you made me eat 
 I'm moving on, forget you 
 Oh, now I'm special? I ain't feel special when I was with you 
 All I ever felt was this helplessness, imprisoned by a selfish bitch 
 Chew me up and spit me out, I fell for this 
 So many times it's ridiculous 
 And still I stick with this, I'm sick of this 
 But in my sickness and addiction, you're addictive as they get 
 Evil as they come, vindictive as they make 'em 
 My friends keep askin' me why I can't just walk away from 
 I'm addicted to the pain, the stress, the drama 
 I'm drawn to shit, I guess I'm a 
 Mess, cursed and blessed, but this time I 
 Ain't changin' my mind, I'm climbin' out this abyss 
 You're screamin' as I walk out that I'll be missed 
 But when you spoke of people 
 Who meant the most to you, you left me off your list 
 Fuck you, hip hop! I'm leavin' you 
 My life sentence is served, bitch, and it's just... 
  
 [Chorus: Liz Rodrigues & Eminem] 
 Too late for the other side 
 Caught in a chase, 25 to life 
 (I'm gone, man) 
 Too late for the other side 
 Caught in a chase, 25 to life 
 Too late 
 Caught in a chase, 25 to life[Chorus] 
 Owwww, owwww, owwww (Oh, god damn!) 
 I'm gonna facking cum! (Oh, shit!) 
 Fack, fack, fack (Fuck, I am!) 
 I am, I'm going to cum (I'm cumming!) 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 (Oh yeah, god!) I never seen no chick like this 
 This bitch can twist like a damn contortionist 
 Condom on my dick? Of course it is 
 This bitch don't know what abortion is 
 So I can't cum in her, fucks like a porn star 
 Looks like Jenna, fuck I'm gonna 
 Cum, I think my rubber's comin' off 
 But oh, it's so fucking wet and soft 
 Fuck, I'm gonna start lettin' off 
 I'm squirting and she's not gettin' off 
 And she's on top, I'm gonna facking 
 Oh, god, oh, don't do that 
 Don't, stop, stop, don't, I don't mean "don't stop" 
 Ow, wait a minute, ow, ow, fuck 
 I, I'm gonna fucking cum! *squirt squirt squirt* 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Owwww, owwww, owwww (Oh, god damn!) 
 I'm gonna fucking cum! (Oh, shit!) 
 Fack, fack, fack (Fuck, I am!) 
 I am, I'm going to cum (I'm cumming!) 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Ooh, wow, boom that pow 
 Ooh, ow, I need a cigarette now 
 Ow, I'm so fucking hot 
 And you're so fucking hot 
 Oh my god, I wanna facking fack 
 No not "fuck", I said "fack" 
 F-A-C-K, F-A-C-K 
 Fack, fack, fack, facking freak me! 
 Oh yeah, girl see, baby, they call me Mr. Freaky 
 Let's call your sister, three-way 
 Have some threesome, me so horny 
 And you're such a fucking babe 
 I wanna go down on you, fuck, you shaved?! 
 Oh, god damn, here I go again 
 I'm gonna cum, I am! 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Owwww, owwww, owwww (Oh, god damn!) 
 I'm gonna facking cum! (Oh, shit!) 
 Fack, fack, fack (Fuck, I am!) 
 I am, I'm going to cum (I'm cumming!) 
  
 [Interlude] 
 I’m Slim Shady, uh uh uh 
 I’m Slim Shady, uh uh uh 
 I’m Slim Shady, uh uh uh 
 I’m Slim Shady, uh uh uh 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Okay, I'm done, I already came twice 
 You ain't gonna make me cum 
 I'm all outta gas, not so fast 
 Uh, your finger just went in my ass 
 Ow, that hurts, take it out now 
 Oh, wait a minute, aw 
 Put it back in, in-in-in 
 This don't mean I'm gay, I don't like men 
 I like boobs, boobs, boobs 
 Now see that gerbil, grab that tube 
 Shove it up my butt 
 Let that little rascal nibble on my asshole, uhh 
 Yeah, right there, right there 
 Ahh, I'm cumming, oh, yeah 
 Fack, I just came again 
 Okay, pull it out now, enhh 
 Oh, fuck yeah 
 Wait, he's not out, he's still crawling around up there 
 Ow, fuck, I think it's stuck 
 Ow, but it feels so fucking good 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Owwww, owwww, owwww (Oh, god damn!) 
 I'm gonna facking cum! (Oh, shit!) 
 Fack, fack, fack (Fuck, I am!) 
 I am, I'm going to cum (I'm cumming!) 
  
 [Outro] 
 Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube 
 Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube 
 Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube 
 Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube 
 Ew, ew, ew, ew[Verse 1] 
 Feeling kinky, lip syncing to Too $hort's "Freaky Tales" (Biatch!) 
 Having creepy visions of whiskey drinking 
 And envisioning sneaking into where Christie Brinkley dwells 
 I know this is risky thinking but I wanna stick her like she's decals 
 But when murdering females 
 Better pay attention to these details or you could be derailed 
 Better wear at least three layers of clothing or be in jail 
 If you get scratched because your DNA'll 
 Be all up under her fingernails 
 Man, he hears you, I don't think he cares 
 He gives a fuck, even his pinky swears 
 Three personalities burstin' out of me, please beware 
 Her TV blares, can't hear the creaking stairs 
 She's unaware in no underwear, she's completely bare 
 Turns around and screams, I remember distinctly 
 I said "I'm here to do sink repairs." 
 Chop her up, put her body parts 
 In front of Steven Avery's trailer and leave 'em there 
  
 [Chorus] 
 But hey man, I was framed 
 I know what this looks like, officers 
 Please just give me one minute 
 I think I can explain 
 I ain't murdered nobody 
 I know these words are so nutty 
 But I'm just here to entertain 
 How come your shirt is so bloody? 
 There's a missing person, so what? He's 
 Got nothin' to do with me 
 I'm almost certain I was framed 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Woke up, it was dawn, musta knew somethin' was wrong 
 Think I'm becomin' a monster 'cause of the drugs that I'm on 
 Donald Duck's on, there's a Tonka Truck in the yard 
 But dog, how the fuck is Ivanka Trump in the trunk of my car? 
 Gotta get to the bottom of it to try to solve it 
 Must go above and beyond, 'cause it's incumbent upon me 
 Plus I feel somewhat responsible for the dumb little blonde 
 Girl, that motherfuckin' baton twirler that got dumped in the pond 
 Second murder with no recollection of it 
 Collectin' newspaper articles, cuttin' out sections from it 
 Memory's too fucked to remember, destructive temper 
 Cut my public defender's jugular then stuck him up in a blender 
 Another dismembered toddler discovered this winter probably 
 'Cause the disassembled body 
 Was covered up in the snow since the month of November oddly 
 I'm wanted for questioning 
 Them son of a bitches probably just wanna pin this on me 
  
 [Chorus] 
 But hey man, I was framed 
 I know what this looks like, officers 
 Please just give me one minute 
 I think I can explain 
 I ain't murdered nobody 
 I know these words are so nutty 
 But I'm just here to entertain 
 How come your shirt is so bloody? 
 There's a missing person, so what? He's 
 Got nothin' to do with me 
 I'm almost certain I was framed 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Still on the loose, they 
 Spotted me inside McDonald's Tuesday 
 In a Toronto Blue Jays cap, lookin' like your college roommate 
 With Rihanna, Lupe, Saddam Hussein, Bobby Boucher 
 Or was it Cool J? The cops is on a goose chase 
 Just escaped from the state pen 
 For [edited] eight women who hate men 
 Don't make it no weirder, I'm naked 
 When I break in your basement 
 Under your baby's play pen, I lay in, wait adjacent 
 Facin' the door, remainin' patient while stayin' complacent 
 Blatant sexual implications are continuin' to get thrown 
 Insinuations are placed in little riddles and poems 
 Left on your pillow in hopes, that when you get home 
 You'll get the hint, ho: I'm in your window 
 But it never occurred to me I could describe a murder scene 
 In a verse and be charged with first degree 
 'Cause it just happened to match up perfectly 
 With the massacre or the Burger King burglary 
 No, officer, you see ... 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I was framed 
 I know what this looks like, officers 
 Please just give me one minute 
 I think I can explain 
 I ain't murdered nobody 
 I know these words are so nutty 
 But I'm just here to entertain 
 How come your shirt is so bloody? 
 There's a missing person, so what? He's 
 Got nothin' to do with me 
 I'm almost certain I was framed[Part I: Arose] 
  
 If I could rewind time like a tape 
 Inside a boombox, one day for every pill or Percocet that I ate 
 Cut down on the Valium, I'da heard everything 
 But death is turning so definite—wait! 
 They got me all hooked up to some machine 
 I love you, Bean, didn't want you to know I was struggling 
 Feels like I'm underwater submerged like a submarine 
 Just heard that nurse say, my liver and kidneys aren't functioning 
 Been flirtatious with death, skirt-chasing, I guess 
 It's arrivederci, same nurse, just heard say they're unplugging me 
 And it's your birthday, Jade, I'm missing your birthday 
 Baby girl, I'm sorry, I fucking hate when you hurt, Hai 
 And sweeties, thank you for waiting to open gifts 
 But, girls, you can just open 'em 
 Dad ain't making it home for Christmas 
 Wish I had the strength to just blow a kiss 
 I go to make a fist, but I can't make one, I'm frozen stiff 
 I yell, but nothing comes out, I'm crying inside, I shout 
 My vocal cords won't permit me, I scream, but it's not aloud 
 You put your arm around Momma to calm her, wow 
 I just thought about the aisle I'll never get to walk us down 
 Never see you graduate in your caps and gowns 
 It's 'bout to be 2008, how's this happening now? 
 I've got so much more to do 
 And, Proof, I'm truly sorry if I let you down, but this tore me in two 
 The thought of no more me and you 
 You gave me shoes, Nikes like new for me for school 
 Doody, I'm trying, but you, you were the glue that binded 
 So many things—time, I'd give anything to rewind it 
 I had to walk down my halls and constantly be reminded 
 By pictures all on my walls and I couldn't sleep at night 'cause 
 That image burned in my brain of you on that table 
 Me falling across your body, not able to stand to save you 
 God, why did you take him? 
 I'm tryna keep his legacy alive, but I'm dying, where's Nathan? 
 Little ladies, be brave, take care of your mother 
 Smile pretty for pictures, always cherish each other 
 I'll always love ya, and I'll be in the back of your memory 
 And I know you'll never forget me 
 Just don't get sad when remembering 
 And, little bro, keep making me proud 
 You better marry that girl 'cause she's faithfully down 
 And when you're exchanging those sacred vows 
 Just know that if I could be there, I would 
 And should you ever see parenthood, I know you'll be good at it 
 Oh, almost forgot to do something, thank my father too 
 I actually learned a lot from you 
 You taught me what not to do 
 And, Mom, wish I'd have had the chance 
 To have one last heart-to-heart honest and open talk with you 
 Doody, I see you, I go to walk to you 
 And I can feel my soul leave my body and float across the room 
 Nurses lean over the bed, pulling tubes out 
 Then the sheet over my head, shut the room down 
 Girls, please don't get upset 
 I see them cheeks soaking and wet 
 As you squeeze hold of my neck, so forcibly, don't wanna let 
 Me go, pillow drenched, emotional wrecks 
 With every second, each closer to death 
 But suddenly I feel my heart begin to beat slow 
 Then a breath, machines go (*beep beep beep*) 
 Must've guessed the cheat codes to this shit 
 I'm tryna rewind time like a tape 
 Find an escape, make a beeline, try and awake 
 From this dream, I need to re-find my inner strength 
 To remind me, even if a steep climb I must take 
 To rewrite a mistake, I'm rewinding the tape 
  
 [Part II: Castle Extended] 
  
 (I don't want it!) 
 I'll put out this last album, then I'm done with it 
 One hundred percent finished, fed up with it 
 I'm hanging it up, fuck it! 
 Excuse the cursing, baby, but just know 
 That I'm a good person, though they portray me as cold 
 And if things should worsen, but I bet you they won't 
 I'm pledging to throw this methadone in the toilet 
 Shred these old letters I wrote 
 All that old pathetic loathing, closing credits can roll 
 I'm proud to be back 
 I'm 'bout to, like a rematch, outdo Relapse 
 With Recovery, Mathers LP2 
 Help propel me to victory laps 
 Gas toward 'em and fast forward the past 
 Consider them last four minutes as 
 The song I'da sang to my daughters 
 If I'da made it to the hospital less than 2 hours later, but I fought it 
 And came back like a boomerang on 'em 
 Now a new day is dawnin' 
 I'm up, Tuesday, it's mornin'—now I know 
  
 Toilet flush[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Instinctive nature to bring the anguish (Yeah) 
 To the English language 
 With this ink, you haters get rode on like a piece of paper 
 This rap shit got me travelin' place to place 
 You barely leave your house 
 'Cause you're always stuck at your pad, it's stationary 
 Yeah, that's why when I brainstorm, gotta write it out 
 Simon Cowell of rhymin' foul, that's why you sound so shook 
 Wire bound notebook got tied around your throat 
 Hook it inside your mouth, go—hruh 
 That's what it's like when the mic is out 
 'Cause I'm tearin' at your flesh with it 
 'Til your larynx and neck are split 
 With these lyrics, weapons, expert with 
 Like hair extensions, extra clips 
 And you're scared to effin' death of it 
 Bitch, you're starin' at a legend that 
 In a pair of Skechers, sweatshirt ripped 
 And hoodie black, should be strapped 
 To a chair or stretcher, electric, swear on every record, bitch 
 Finger so high in the air, I'll bet your senses flip 
 Like a barometric pressure switch 
 Carin' less who I offend with this 
 I'm at your neck like Pez dispense 
 Go 'head, spit your flow, bitch! 
  
 [Chorus: PHresher] 
 I'm at your throat like Chloraseptic, 'septic 
 And you got strep, I'm too complex with it, 'plex with it 
 This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit 
 I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah 
  
 [Post-Chorus: Eminem & PHresher] 
 And I'll take a hundred of you, hundred of you 
 All at once like I had nothin' to lose, what can I do? 
 My appetite for destruction is loose, destruction is loose 
 And all it wants is to have somethin' to chew 
 Somethin' to chew, somethin' to chew 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Yeah, uh (Haha), and still conjoined at 
 The hip with hop, still on point and poignant 
 Skilled as Floyd is 
 In this field, and still no filter, boy 
 I'll put you in your place (Yeah) like a realtor, boy 
 You still ain't in the buildin', boy 
 I will destroy shit, even as I build it 
 Get the drill bit, pen is filled with poison 
 Which is the source, easy to still pinpoint it 
 (Like what?) Like a real thin joint it 
 (What?) Comes on Quilted Northern 
 (And what?) In a built-in toilet 
 (Yeah) Bitch, I told you I'm a dog (Woof) 
 I wouldn't heal with ointment 
 Way I'm kickin' these fairies' tails 
 Should write a children's storybook (Yeah, yeah, yeah) 
 Million voices in my head 
 But still get a little bit of thrill and some real enjoyment 
 (Off what?) Off the feel of going in 
 (Like?) Like your bitch when she gives me brain 
 Like she thinks I'm dumb 
 Grabs the crown of my dick and blows me to kingdom come 
 'Til I feel anointed 
 She makes iller noises 
 When she's with me, must be from the Windy City 
 Pretty apparent, she's a MILF when blowin' me 
 'Cause I conned her into 
 Rippin' the condom in two (Woo!) 
 Dick is a bargainin' tool 
 Now I'm gettin' blew like Klonopins, Rude Jude 
 I go there, you wouldn't 
 Well, I still have a few views in common with you 
 Just not YouTube, 'cause… 
  
 [Chorus: PHresher] 
 I'm at your throat like Chloraseptic, 'septic 
 And you got strep, I'm too complex with it, 'plex with it 
 This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit 
 I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 You're a has-been 
 That has been the case since back when 
 You last went and threw your hat in the race 
 You've been trash (Bitch!) 
 Stick your raps in the trash bin 
 Or end up in my next rhyme 
 You're a fuckboy, so next time 
 It's gonna be heads flyin' like Dez Bryant 
 With a TEC-9 against Rex Ryan (Yeah!) 
 Now watch me set it like correct time 
 All you get is sloppy seconds like a Timex, I 
 Clock rejects into the next life 
 Talking reckless, but it's just my 
 Strongest suit, but you can get my Colombian necktie 
 Prostitute, just climb in the Humvee and let's ride 
 Why you hitching at night? 
 I put an end to your life, sex crime 
 Kidding aside, insidious vibe 
 Girl, you know you got the prettiest eyes 
 But all you're getting is bribed 
 Any old lie to try to get you inside 
 Then we gon' end up spending the night 
 And I'm skinning your hide like an Indian tribe 
 What kind of nut drives a Budweiser truck 
 Finds a slut, tries to surprise her, cuffs, ties her up 
 Binds up, cuts, slices her twice? 
 But the muff diver must just like it rough 
 Fuck right in her vagina, blood 
 Flies up on the visor, like a geyser, uh 
 (Music, please!) Enthusiast of the roofie 
 Goal is to get a floozy inside the Jacuzzi 
 And have a loosey-goosey as Cool C is with an Uzi 
 But I am to rap what blue jeans mean to Bruce Springsteen 
 Glued we be, I'm truTV, you're too PG 
 I'm Schoolly D, you're Spoonie Gee! 
 No diss there, just notice there 
 Are no similarities that we share 
 Besides the fact we breathe air 
 Happily married to rap and I'm glad that we buried 
 The hatchet and patched it up 
 Now I'm back to ratchet up my attack 
 And I'm at your mothafuckin' throat like— 
  
 [Chorus: PHresher] 
 —throat like Chloraseptic, 'septic 
 And you got strep, I'm too complex with it, 'plex with it 
 This shit I wrote is on some next shit, next shit 
 I'm at your throat, I'm feelin' reckless, reckless, yeah 
  
 [Post-Chorus: Eminem & PHresher] 
 And I'll take a hundred of you, hundred of you 
 All at once like I had nothin' to lose, what can I do? 
 My appetite for destruction is loose, destruction is loose 
 And all it wants is to have somethin' to chew 
 Somethin' to chew, somethin' to chew[Intro] 
 Da-da, da-da 
 Yo, I can't sing, but 
 I feel like singing 
 I wanna fuckin' sing 
 ‘Cause I'm happy 
 Yeah, I'm happy 
 I got my baby back 
 Yo, check it out 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Some days I sit starin' out the window 
 Watchin' this world pass me by 
 Sometimes I think there's nothin' to live for 
 I almost break down and cry 
 Sometimes I think I'm crazy, I'm crazy, oh, so crazy 
 Why am I here? Am I just wastin' my time? 
 But then I see my baby, suddenly I'm not crazy 
 It all makes sense when I look into her eyes, oh no 
  
 [Hook] 
 ‘Cause sometimes (Fuck) it feels like (I was scared) the world's on my shoulders 
 Everyone's leanin' on me 
 ‘Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over 
 But then she comes back to me 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 My baby girl keeps gettin' older 
 I watch her grow up with pride 
 People make jokes ‘cause they don't understand me 
 They just don't see my real side 
 I act like shit don't faze me, inside it drives me crazy 
 My insecurities could eat me alive 
 But then I see my baby, suddenly I'm not crazy 
 It all makes sense when I look into her eyes, oh no 
  
 [Hook] 
 ‘Cause sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders 
 Everyone's leanin' on me 
 ‘Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over 
 But then she comes back to me 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Man, if I could sing, I'd keep singin' this song to my daughter 
 If I could hit the notes, I'd blow somethin' as long as my father 
 To show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got her 
 God, I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mom didn't *reh tnaw* 
 Now, you probably get this picture from my public persona 
 That I'm a pistol-packin' drug addict who bags on his momma 
 But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest 
 ‘Cause there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside of my soul 
 And just know that I grow colder the older I grow 
 This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold 
 And this load is like the weight of the world and I think my neck is breakin' 
 Should I just give up or try to live up to these expectations? 
 Now look, I love my daughter more than life in itself 
 But I got a wife that's determined to make my life livin' hell 
 But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt 
 So many chances, man, it's too bad, coulda had someone else 
 But the years that I've wasted is nothin' to the tears that I've tasted 
 So here's what I'm facin': three felonies, six years of probation 
 I've went to jail for this woman, I've been to bat for this woman 
 I've taken bats to people's backs, bent over backwards for this woman 
 Man, I shoulda seen it comin', what'd I stick my penis up in? 
 Wouldn't have ripped the prenup up if I'da seen what she was fuckin' 
 But fuck it, it's over, there's no more reason to cry no more 
 I got my baby, maybe, the only lady that I adore 
 Hailie! So sayonara, try tomorrow, nice to know ya 
 Our baby's traveled back to the arms of her rightful owner 
 And suddenly it seems like my shoulder blades have just shifted 
 It's like the greatest gift you can get, the weight has been lifted, and— 
  
 [Hook 2] 
 Now it don't feel like the world's on my shoulders 
 Everyone's leanin' on me 
 ‘Cause my baby knows that her daddy's a soldier 
 Nothin' can take her from me 
  
 [Outro] 
 Wooo! Told you I can't sing 
 Oh well, I tried 
 Hailie, 'member when I said 
 If you ever need anything, Daddy would be right there? 
 Guess what, Daddy's here 
 And I ain't goin' nowhere, baby 
 I love you (​​*smooch*)​​[Intro] 
 Wow, baby 
  
 [Chorus] 
 The way you shake it, I can't believe it 
 I ain't never seen an ass like that 
 The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go 
 D-doing, doing, doing 
 I don't believe it, it's almost too good to be true 
 I ain't never seen an ass like that 
 The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go 
 D-doing, doing, doing 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 The way she moves, she's like a belly-dancer 
 She's shaking that ass to the new Nelly jams, I 
 Think someone's at the door but I don't think I'ma answer 
 Police saying "freeze" (oh!), d-doing, doing, doing 
 What do you mean, "freeze"? Please, I'm a human being 
 I have needs! I'm not done, not till I'm finished peeing 
 I am not resisting arrest, I am agreeing 
 Mr. Officer, I'm already on my knees 
 I can't get on the ground any further, it's impossible for me 
 And do not treat me like a murderer, I just like to pee 
 Pee, pee, yes, I make R&B, I sing song 
 It go ring-a-chong, a-ching-chong-chong-chong-ching 
 Sike, I joke, I joke! I kid, I kid! 
 If I offend, I'm sorry! Please, please, forgive! 
 For I am Triumph, the Puppet Dog, I am a mere puppet 
 I can get away with anything I say and you will love it 
  
 [Chorus] 
 The way you shake it, I can't believe it 
 I ain't never seen an ass like that 
 The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go 
 D-doing, doing, doing 
 Jessica Simpson looks oh, so tempting 
 Nick, I ain't never seen an ass like that 
 Every time I see that show on MTV, my pee-pee goes 
 D-doing, doing, doing 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Mary-Kate and Ashley used to be so wholesome 
 Now they getting older, they're starting to grow bum-bums 
 I go to the movies and sit down with my popcorn 
 Police saying "freeze" (oh!), d-doing, doing, doing 
 What do you mean, "freeze"? Geez, I just got my seat 
 I have ticket, look, I put it away, my zipper's zipped 
 Please do not remove me from this movie theater, please 
 I did not even get to see Mary-Kate shower scene 
 I didn't mean to be obscene or make a great, big scene 
 And don't treat me like I'm Pee-wee Herman, this movie's PG 
 Mr. Officer, I demand to see my attorney 
 I will simply plead innocent, cop a plea, and be free 
 Free, yes, free, right back on the streets 
 What do you mean my lawyer's with Michael, he's too busy? 
 I am Triumph, Britney Spears has shoulders like a man 
 And I can say that and you'll laugh 
 'Cause there's a puppet on my hand (hahaha!) 
  
 [Chorus] 
 The way you shake it, I can't believe it 
 I ain't never seen an ass like that 
 The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go 
 D-doing, doing, doing 
 Hilary Duff is not quite old enough, so 
 I ain't never seen a butt like that 
 Maybe next year I'll say, "ass" and she'll make my pee-pee go 
 D-doing, doing, doing 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 The way she moves, she dances like a go-go 
 In that video, she sings, "Get out, you bozo 
 I need a new boyfriend!" Hi, my name is JoJo 
 Police saying "freeze" (oh!), d-doing, doing, doing 
 What do you mean, "freeze"? My computers will be seized 
 And my keys to my ranch, I just bake cookies 
 Mr. Officer, lookie, take a whiff of this 
 Here, I make Jesus juice, take a sip of this 
 Nobody is safe from me, no, not even me 
 I don't even know if I can say the word "pee-pee" 
 Pee, on the radio, but I think I did 
 Janet, is that a breast? I think I just saw a tit! 
 Sike, I joke, I joke! I kid, I kid! 
 I don't think my joke is working, I must flee quick 
 Get to the chopper, everybody get out 
 I am not Triumph, I am Arnold, get down! 
  
 [Chorus] 
 The way you shake it, I can't believe it 
 I ain't never seen an ass like that 
 The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go 
 D-doing, doing, doing 
 So Gwen Stefani, will you pee-pee on me, please? 
 I ain't never seen an ass like that 
 'Cause the way you move it, you make my pee-pee go 
 D-doing, doing, doing 
  
 [Outro: Eminem, Dr. Dre, & Triumph] 
 Woo! 
 Fuck is wrong with you? 
 Ha! 
 Hey blondie, I saved your peroxide ass again![Produced by Just Blaze] 
  
 [Intro] 
 'Cause some things just don't change 
 It's better when they stay the same 
 Although the whole world knows your name 
 Some want a bigger stage 
 They came to see you spit your game, whoa 
 But it shouldn't be difficult to explain 
 Just why you came back again 
 You hate the fame, love the game 
 Cold as ice you remain, fuck 'em all 
 Tell 'em all eat shit, here we go again 
  
 [Ad-Libs] 
 God damn! 
 Is it that time again already? 
 Haha, okay 
 Y'all don’t look too happy to see me 
 Fuck, man 
 Don’t everybody welcome me back at once 
 All right 
 Fuck y’all then! 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 You can get the dick, just call me the ball sack, I'm nuts 
 Michael Vick in this bitch, dog—fall back, you mutts! 
 Fuck your worms, you've never seen such a sick puppy 
 Fuck it, a sick duck, I want my duck sicked, mommy 
 And my nuts licked, gobble 'em up trick, yummy 
 Bitch, you don't fuckin' think I know that you suck dick, dummy? 
 You'll get your butt kicked, fuck all that love shit, honey 
 Yeah, I laugh when I call you a slut, it's funny 
 Shorty, dance, while I diss you to the beat, fuck the words 
 You don't listen to 'em anyway, yeah, struck a nerve, sucker 
 Motherfucker, might as well let my lips pucker 
 Like Elton John, 'cause I'm just a mean cocksucker 
 The shit is on 'cause you went and pissed me off 
 Now I'm shittin' and pissin' on everybody 
 Give a fuck if it's right or wrong 
 So puff the Buddha, light a bong, but take a look at Mariah 
 Next time I inspire you to write a song—come on! 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh 
 I'm as cold as the cold wind blows 
 When it snows and it's twenty below 
 Ask me why, man, I just don't know 
 No-no-no, no-no, no 
 I'm as cold as the cold wind blows 
 Blow-blow-blows 
 Blow-blow, blows, oh, oh-oh 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Fuck it, I'm a loose cannon, Bruce Banner's back in the booth 
 Y'all are sittin' ducks, I'm the only goose standin' 
 I'll set the world on fire, piss on it, put it out 
 Stick my dick in a circle, but I'm not fuckin' around 
 Motherfucker, I'll show you pussy-footin' 
 I'll kick a bitch in the cunt 'til it makes a queef 
 And sounds like a fuckin' whoopee cushion 
 Who the fuck is you pushin'? 
 You musta mistook me for some sissy soft punk 
 Lookin' for some nookie or bosom 
 Go ahead, fuckin' hater, push me! 
 I told you ain't no fuckin' way to shush me 
 Call me a faggot 'cause I hate a pussy 
 Man the fuck up, sissy, G's up, all you gardeners freeze up 
 Put your hoes down, "Shady ease up! 
 Man, chill!" Nah, I can't, goddamn it, rap is a landfill 
 Drop the anvil, these are shoes that you can't fill 
 Shit, the day that happens the world will stop spinnin' 
 And Michael J. Fox'll come to a standstill 
 During a earthquake, urine in your face 
 'Cause you're fake (*lightning noise*)  Ow! What the fuck? That hurt, wait! 
 (*Lightning noise*) Ow! What the fuck? I just got struck by lightnin' 
 Alright then, I quit, God, I give up 
 Call it evil that men do 
 Lord, forgive me for what my pen do 
 "This is for your sins, I cleanse you 
 And you can repent, but I warn you 
 If you continue, to Hell I'll send you" 
 And just then the wind blew, and I said... 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh 
 I'm as cold as the cold wind blows 
 When it snows and it's twenty below 
 Ask me why, man, I just don't know 
 No-no-no, no-no, no 
 I'm as cold as the cold wind blows 
 Blow-blow-blows 
 Blow-blow, blows, oh, oh-oh-oh, oh 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 How long will I be this way? Shady until my dyin' day 
 'Til I hang up the mic and it's time for me to say 
 "So long," 'til then, I'll drop the fuckin' bombs 
 Like I missed the pass when I went long 
 If you don't like it, you can kiss my ass in a lint thong 
 Now sing along, slut this, slut that, learn the words to the song 
 "Oh, bitches don't like that," homie, I'll be nicer to women 
 When Aquaman drowns and the Human Torch starts swimmin' 
 Man, I'm a cold soul, I roll solo 
 So, don't compare me to them other bums over there 
 It's like apples to oranges, peaches to plums, yeah 
 I'm bananas, pussy, cut off the grapes and grow a pair 
 But I swear, you try to diss me, I'll slaughter you 
 I put that on everything, like everyone does with Auto-Tune 
 The last thing you want to do is have me spit out a rhyme 
 And say, "I was writing this and I thought of you," so 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh 
 I'm as cold as the cold wind blows 
 When it snows and it's twenty below 
 Ask me why, man, I just don't know 
 No-no-no, no-no, no 
 I'm as cold as the cold wind blows 
 Blow-blow-blows 
 Blow-blow, blows, oh, oh-oh-oh, oh 
  
 [Outro] 
 I don't know, I don't know what caused 
 I don't know what caused me to be this way 
 I don't know, I don't know 
 But I'll probably be this way 'til my dyin' day 
 I don't know why I'm so, I'm so cold 
 Mean things I don't mean to say 
 I guess this is how you made me[Intro: Snoop Dogg & Dr. Dre] 
 Yeah, what up, Detroit? 
 Nu-uh, nu-uh nuh, no, he didn't 
 They didn't do it again (What-what, you what?) 
 You shitted on these niggas two times, Dr. Dre? 
 Oh, fo' sho' 
 Uh-uh, naw, you smell that? 
 This is special right here (What-what, what-what-what?) 
 Yeah, it's a toast to the boogie, baby 
 To the boogie-oogie-oogie 
 Yeah, you know, what's crackin', Dre? 
  
 [Verse 1: Dr. Dre] 
 Just let me lay back and kick some old simplistic pimp shit 
 On Slim's shit, and start riots like Limp Bizkit 
 Throw on "Guilty Conscience" at concerts 
 And watch mosh pits 
 'Til motherfuckers knock each other unconscious 
 (Watch out, nigga!) 
 Some of these crowds that Slim draws is rowdy as Crenshaw 
 Boulevard, when it's packed and full of cars 
 Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw 
 Is niggas from Crenshaw, from Long Beach to South Central 
 Whoa, not these niggas again 
 These grown-ass ignorant men with hair-triggers again (Shit) 
 You and what army could harm me? 
 D.R.E. and Shady with Doggy from Long Beach 
 (Westside) 
 Came a long way to makin' these songs play 
 It'll be a wrong move to stare at me the wrong way 
 I got a long Uz' and I carry it all day 
 Sometimes it's like a nightmare just bein' Andre 
 But I… 
  
 [Verse 2: Snoop Dogg & Eminem] 
 Somehow, some way 
 Hello nigga, you know about Dogg-ay (Snoop Dogg) 
 Now let me cut these niggas up 
 And show 'em where the fuck I'm comin' from 
 I get the party crackin' from the shit that I be spittin', son 
 Hit-and-run, get it done, get the funds, split and run 
 Got about fifty guns 
 And I love all of 'em the same, bang-bang (Word up) 
 Damn, baby girl, what's your name? (What's your name?) 
 I forgot, what'd you say it was? 
 Damn, a nigga buzzed (Fucked up) 
 Hangin' in the club with my nephew Eminem (What's up Slim?) 
 (What up, Cuz? What up, Snoop?) 
 The Great White American Hope 
 Done hooked up with the king of the motherfuckin' West Coast 
 Baby 
  
 [Hook: Nate Dogg & Snoop Dogg] 
 And you don't really wanna fuck with me 
 Only nigga that I trust is me 
 Fuck around and make me bust this heat 
 That's the devil, they always wanna dance 
  
 [Verse 3: Xzibit] 
 I'm the Head Nigga In Charge, I'm watchin' you move 
 You're found dead in your garage 
 With ten o'clock news coverage 
 Gotta love it 'cause I expose the facade 
 Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God 
 All jokes aside, come bounce with us 
 Standin' over you with a 12 gauge about to bust 
 It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust 
 I might leave in a bodybag, but never in cuffs 
 So who do you trust? They just not rugged enough 
 When things get rough I'm in the club shootin' with Puff 
 Bitch, please! You must have a mental disease 
 Assume the position and get back down on your knees 
 Come on 
  
 [Hook: Nate Dogg & Snoop Dogg] 
 And you don't really wanna fuck with me 
 Only nigga that I trust is me 
 Fuck around and make me bust this heat 
 That's the devil, they always wanna dance 
 And you don't really wanna fuck with me 
 Only nigga that I trust is me 
 Fuck around and make me bust this heat 
 That's the devil, they always wanna dance 
  
 [Verse 4: Eminem & Snoop Dogg] 
 Aw, naw, big Slim Dogg 
 Eighty pound balls (What?), dick six-inch long (Mm) 
 Back up in the heezy, baby 
 He's Shady (He's so crazy!) 
 Give me the mic, let me recite 'til Timothy White 
 Pickets outside the Interscope offices every night 
 What if he's right? I'm just a criminal 
 Makin' a livin' off of the world's misery 
 What in the world gives me the right to say what I like? 
 And walk around flippin' the bird 
 Livin' the urban life like a white kid from the burbs 
 Dreamin' at night of screamin' at Mom, schemin' to leave 
 Run away from home, and grow to be as evil as me 
 I just want you all to notice me, and people to see 
 That somewhere deep down there's a decent human being in me 
 It just can't be found, so the reason you've been seeing this me 
 Is 'cause this is me now, the recent dude who's being this mean 
 So when you see me dressin' up like a nerd on TV 
 Or heard the CD usin' the fag word so freely 
 It's just me bein' me; here, want me to tone it down? 
 Suck my fuckin' dick, you faggot! You happy now? 
 Look here, I start some trouble everywhere that I go (That I go) 
 Ask the bouncers in the club 'cause they know ('Cause they know) 
 I start some shit, they throw me out the back door (The back door) 
 Come back and shoot the club up with a .44 (A .44) 
  
 [Hook: Nate Dogg & Snoop Dogg] 
 And you don't really wanna fuck with me 
 Only nigga that I trust is me 
 Fuck around and make me bust this heat 
 That's the devil, they always wanna dance 
 And you don't really wanna fuck with me 
 Only nigga that I trust is me 
 Fuck around and make me bust this heat 
 That's the devil, they always wanna dance 
  
 [Outro: Xzibit] 
 2001 and forever 
 Slim Shady 
 Dr. Dre 
 Snoop Dogg 
 X to the Z 
 Nate Dogg 
 Come on, yeah[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 We never saw from each other's sides, or eye to eye 
 Just eye for eye, lie for lie, fight or flight 
 So much baggage, need a luggage rack 
 But we carry on with our public spats and our feuds 
 Up back in the news, love taps when I dissed you 
 Like it was fun, actually used to run back to the booth 
 Jump back in the studio, give you a tongue-lashing, then you 
 Laughed at the stomach tat with the tombstone 
 It was funny back in our youth 
 But then it wasn’t after we knew 
 That we were done and actually through (And actually through) 
 But if there's one fraction of truth 
 If it could be spun back I would do 
 So many things different (Things different) 
 'Cause it was such a dumbass excuse 
 You hit me once and that I would use 
 To continue the pattern of abuse 
 Why did I punch back? Girls, your dad is a scumbag, I’m confused 
 Because— 
  
 [Chorus: X Ambassadors] 
 How come you can be a lord and a loser? 
 How come, how come, you can be a liar and a good father? 
 A good dad, but a bad husband 
 Why are you a good father? 
 A great dad, but a bad husband 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 You were the beat I loved with a writer's block 
 The line that's hot, that I forgot 
 We laughed a little, cried a lot 
 I'll never forget when you came home and you held Hailie 
 Day before you went to jail and daily 
 How we'd wait for that mail lady 
 Or by the phone for Mom to call 
 And I watched you pull yourself up and we decided on 
 Givin' it one more try despite it all 
 You're my lightning rod when my sky gets dark 
 I'm your shiny rocks in that tiny box 
 When we tied the knot, when we broke the knot 
 Every line we crossed we were supposed to not 
 Every time we fought, the insults they got… thrown too far 
 Words that we said that we didn’t mean 
 The words that we meant that we didn’t say 
 The ones that we thought that we shoulda said 
 Letters written that we coulda read 
 Which maybe woulda lead to some good instead 
 And had this put to bed 
 But I'd be lyin’ still if I said I wasn't sittin' here askin' myself 
  
 [Chorus: X Ambassadors, Hailie Jade & Eminem] 
 How come you can be a lord and a loser? 
 How come, how come, you can be a liar and a good father? 
 A good dad, but a bad husband 
 Why are you a good father? 
 A great dad, but a bad husband (Dad) (You said) 
 Forever be a hero in my eyes (I reply) 
 But there’s always another side to a good father 
 A great dad, but a bad husband 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 We brought out the worst in each other 
 Someone had to make the sparring end 
 'Cause I loved you, but I hated that me 
 And I don't wanna see that side again 
 But I'm sorry, Kim 
 More than you could ever comprehend 
 Leavin' you was fuckin' harder than 
 Sawing off a fuckin' body limb 
 Once upon a time we're all we had 
 Maybe that's what drew us 
 To each other, it was true love 
 Shit, we never knew was possible 
 We might have loved each other too much 
 And maybe that's what made us do what 
 We did to each other, all the screw-ups 
 'Cause you always thought that you was 
 More in love with me 
 And I was thinkin' I was more in love than you was 
 For all the times that we thought it worked 
 'Til we saw how wrong we were 
 When the dust settles now and all the dirt 
 If I touch the rawest nerve 
 All I want is for us not to hurt 
 And it's been an exhaustive search to find the words 
 But I just heard "Mockingbird" 
 And got the urge to jot some verses and thoughts 
 The purpose was not to stir up or open wounds 
 I've caused a few and so have you 
 Or argue whose fault it was 
 Partly yours, partly mine, but really no one's 
 This is so tough, I'm gettin' choked up 
 Oh fuck it, we both suck 
 We broke up, got back together 
 We both thought we had forever 
 Not bad people, just bad together 
 We were so nuts, backstabbed each other 
 Another blow struck, but there's no duckin' this blow 
 'Cause it's over and it's closure 
 But I'm not so sure how to close this 
 I just don't know how some people can be so good 
 At one thing and so fucked at a whole nother 
 Shit, it's no wonder 
  
 [Chorus: X Ambassadors, Hailie Jade, Eminem] 
 How come, how come, you can be a lord and a loser? 
 How come, how come, you can be a liar and a good father? 
 A good dad, but a bad husband 
 Why are you a good father? 
 A great dad, but a bad husband (Dad) (You said) 
 Forever be a hero in my eyes (I reply) 
 But there's always another side to a good father 
 A great dad, but a bad husband[Intro: Eminem] 
 Down down down 
 Down down down 
 Down down down 
 Down okay 
 Guess who's back, back again 
 Shady's back, tell a friend 
 Now everyone report to the dance floor 
 To the dance floor, to the dance floor 
 Now everyone report to the dance floor 
 Alright, stop… pajama time 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Come here, little kiddies! On my lap! 
 Guess who's back with a brand new rap? 
 And I don't mean "rap" as in a new case 
 Of child molestation accusations 
 Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, no worries 
 Papa's got a brand new bag of toys 
 What else could I possibly do to make noise? 
 I done touched on everything but little boys 
 And that's not a stab at Michael 
 That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho 
 I go a little bit crazy sometimes 
 I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes 
 Good God, dip, do a little slide 
 Bend down, touch your toes, and just glide 
 Up the center of the dance floor 
 Like TP for my bung-hole 
 And it's cool if you let one go 
 Nobody's gonna know; who'd hear it? 
 Give a little "poot poot," it's okay 
 (*fart*) Oops, my CD just skipped 
 And everyone just heard you let one rip 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Now I'm gonna make you dance 
 It's your chance, yeah boy, shake that ass 
 Whoops, I mean girl… girl, girl, girl 
 Girl, you know you're my world 
 Alright, now lose it! (ah ah ah ah ah) 
 Just lose it! (ah ah ah ah ah) 
 Go crazy! (ah ah ah ah ah) 
 Oh, baby (ah ah) oh, baby, baby (ah ah) 
  
 [Bridge 1: Eminem] 
 Well, it's Friday and it's my day 
 Just to party all the way 'til Sunday 
 Maybe 'til Monday, I don't know what day 
 Every day's just a holiday 
 Cruisin' on the freeway, feelin' kinda breezy 
 Let the top down and my hair blow 
 I don't know where I'm goin', all I know is 
 When I get there someone's gonna touch my body 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem & Dr. Dre] 
 'Scuse me, miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk 
 But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work 
 Could you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair 
 Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out? (Yeah) 
 Now, what's your name, girl? What's your sign? 
 Man, you must be up out your mind 
 Dre (ah ah) beer goggles, blind 
 I'm just tryin' to unwind, now I'm… 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Now I'm gonna make you dance 
 It's your chance, yeah boy, shake that ass 
 Whoops, I mean girl… girl, girl, girl 
 Girl, you know you're my world 
 Alright, now lose it! (ah ah ah ah ah) 
 Just lose it! (ah ah ah ah ah) 
 Go crazy! (ah ah ah ah ah) 
 Oh, baby (ah ah) oh, baby, baby (ah ah) 
  
 [Bridge 2: Eminem] 
 Well, it's Tuesday and I'm locked up 
 I'm in jail and I don't know what happened 
 They say I was runnin' butt-naked 
 Down the street screamin' (ah ah ah ah) 
 Your honor, I'm sorry, I don't remember 
 All I know is this much, I'm not guilty 
 They said, "Save it, boy, we got you on tape 
 Yellin' at an old lady to touch my body!" 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Now this is the part where the rap breaks down 
 It gets real intense, no one makes a sound 
 Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now 
 The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves 
 Now snap back to reality; look, it's B. Rabbit! 
 "Yo, you signed me up to battle? I'm a grown man!" 
 Chubba-chubba-chubba-chubba-chubba-chubba-chubby 
 I don't have any lines to go right here, so chubba Teletubby 
 Fellas! (what?) Fellas! (what?) 
 Grab your left nut, make your right one jealous (what?) 
 Black girls, white girls, skinny girls, fat girls 
 Tall girls, small girls, I'm calling all girls 
 Everyone report to the dance floor 
 It's your chance for a little romance or 
 Butt-squeezin', it's the season 
 Just go (ah ah ah ah); it's so appeasin' 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Now I'm gonna make you dance 
 It's your chance, yeah boy, shake that ass 
 Whoops, I mean girl… girl, girl, girl 
 Girl, you know you're my world 
 Alright, now lose it! (ah ah ah ah ah) 
 Just lose it! (ah ah ah ah ah) 
 Go crazy! (ah ah ah ah ah) 
 Oh, baby (ah ah) oh, baby, baby (ah ah) 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 Touch my body 
 Touch my body 
 Oh boy, touch my body 
 I mean girl, touch my body[Verse] 
 I'm liable to start a violent spark with a silent thought 
 I disgust you like dialogue from The Shop to The Wired Frog 
 Night club, shit, I was taught 
 If your CD's on fire you had to put it out yourself like Highland Park 
 No fire department, so you might not hear sirens at all 
 But don't be alarmed if I sound off 
 Something just ain't right with me, dog 
 A martyr on a private charter, whose life could be harder? 
 Widely regarded highly? Bite me, sweetheart 
 I'm slightly retarded, but tonight I'm startin' 
 Shit, I'm feeling self righteous and might just hop in a mosh pit 
 On some Mike Tyson and Pac shit 
 Lookin' to box with anybody, disorderly conduct 
 I'll fuck around and snort a key and pick a fight with a locksmith 
 Fan of The LOX, bananas, manic, I'm going in shock 
 Frantic, I'm trapped in a closet 
 Panic attack 'cause I'm claustrophobic 
 No, faggot, I mean I can't maneuver for movement 
 'Cause I have no room for improvement 
 I'm practically squashed, compacted and boxed in 
 Toxic, cans of arsenic, flammable bars, examine the content 
 Bar exam, start of insanity 
 Charles Hamilton slash Manson and Bronson 
 Animal snarls, cannibal jaws 
 Shark mandibles, lambs to the slaughter 
 Looking skantless as Hannibal's stalking 
 Anthony Hopkins with his hands in his pockets 
 (Whistle) Black out, Zach Galifianakis 
 Gallons of Vodka, but that gal has some knockers 
 I bet'cha they ring a bell when I come back and I'm conscious 
 What happened, doc? I passed out again 
 Alcohol's making me break into vacant's naked 
 Stolen Magnavox and bag of rocks in back of a Datsun 
 Fell asleep watching Fear Factor and Scare Tactics 
 Too close to the StairMaster 
 Poked a hole in the air mattress and popped it 
 Woke up shortly thereafter, hungover 
 No underwear, grasping a Bayer Aspirin and dropped it 
 Air Maxes in my closet, preposterous Nikes made out of ostrich 
 And the cross stitching is a cross mixing 
 Of a rhinoceros, possum skin, giraffe and a dolphin 
 Fin, cotton Dockers, OshKoshes, drop crotches 
 Swatch watches and sneakers match with the parkas 
 But it's like being overstaffed at a boxing gym 
 With all these trainers, but I don't have any boxers 
 And I'm standing here naked, hangover, still wasted 
 Like paper you write raps on, obnoxious 
 Yo, why does it always sound like I'm grabbing my nostrils? 
 Fuck that, I'll battle 'em all, I'll battle a mall 
 I’ll stand there and yell that at a wall 
 'Til the mannequin dolls scatter and the inanimate objects 
 That I'm battering all shatter and fall 
 'Cause I hear the track and I'm starting to get fucking amped 
 I'm a spark plug, I'm like the car with the cables 
 Hooked up to my fucking back, I'm a Duracell 
 But I sure as hell got it backwards 'cause y'all get jumped 
 And I'll catch the battery charge, but 
 I got a hunch like your back when it's arching 
 When I start attacking your squadron 
 You'll feel like MasterCard when I'm charging 
 So take a swipe at me, I'm coming straight at you 
 Like Clay Matthews from the Green Bay Packers 
 So get the sack like Wisconsin 
 That's nutbag that I'm talking, who am I kidding? 
 You faggots are all gonna do my bidding 
 Don't get dragged to the auction 
 Neiman Marcus, bags of Vuitton and all 
 I'll push a bitch into oncoming traffic, just watch this 
 Stretched, tinted, black sedan my ass 
 See how mad you act when I drop you off at Saks Fifth Ave 
 In a fucking taxi cab to go shopping 
 Affable guy next door's laughable 
 My next whore's gonna have mechanical arms 
 That'll jack me off with a lotion dispenser with a motion sensor 
 No emotion, hence I guess this sick prick dies hard 
 I got a Magic Johnson 
 It's like a Magic Wand allows me to not let a blonde arouse me 
 If Ronda Rousey was on the couch with the condoms out 
 Holding a thousand Magnums at once to pounce me 
 I laugh in response to how she dances and flaunts it around me 
 Her flat little badonkadonk is bouncing around 
 And all I see is Paulie Malignaggi, she Slaughterhouse in a blouse 
 And Madonna with mud on her, God dammit I am a misogynist 
 I slap Linda Ronstadt with a lobster, throw her off a balcony 
 Just so happens she's fond of algae 
 'Cause now she faceplants on the concrete 
 Complete lack of responsibility 
 Half you assholes ain't strong enough to pick up a spirit 
 Shit, you fags couldn't shoplift at a thrift shop 
 But I let the track lift 'em up, boost the energy 
 Klepto, I'm back to rip shop up, but my thing is this now 
 Five-finger discount 
 Been rapping so long I've been killing this shit, it's easy 
 Kidnapping your mom 'cause I'm still in this bitch, thievery 
 Ransom for JonBenét Ramsey, and Chandra Levy, and Gary Condit 
 ("Em") Paul was scared that if I went back to the blonde 
 I might relapse, get on some bullshit 
 Perhaps I'll launch some cracker taunts at Action Bronson 
 Macklemore, Mac Miller and Asher Roth 
 And have some back and forths 
 And record a wack response to Kendrick Lamar's "Control" verse 
 And perform "Fack" in concert ["Fack" plays] 
 Yo, I put that shit on a greatest hits album 
 Now that was awesome 
 It takes some massive balls to do some shit like that 
 Sometimes I have to ponder why people are like (I'll stick around) 
 And put up with my crap so long for, what's the attraction, mama? 
 Is it the fact that I'm a walking, talking, actual quadruple entendre 
 Or the pointy nose that's pointing at you, mama? 
 Who knows at this point, it's always poking so na-ah 
 Still get along with this voice 'cause that's the "Monster" 
 So do-si-do with the (na-ah) sociopath 
 Everyone who knows me knows that 
 What they don't know is the fact Rihanna calls me Pinocchio 
 (Na-ah) She loves the way I lie 
 Sits on my face and waits for my nose to grow 
 Pathological liar, oh, why am I such an asshole 
 That my disguise is pants, but they on fire 
 So am I-a, (Wu) Cappadonna, cut the track off 
 Sabotage Christmas, crap in your stocking 
 I'm wrapping up all the presents 
 In fucking camouflage so you can't even find 'em 
 Jack Santa Claus, snap Rudolph's antlers off 
 Wrap his schnoz in gauze bandage and blind him 
 Blowing a head gasket at Bed, Bath and Beyond 
 Put the basket back all the bath salt packets are gone, I 
 Know you really tired of me sampling Billy Squier 
 But classic rock acid rap is the genre 
 Got Slash on guitar, splash of Bizarre, Thrasher, and Aerosmith 
 And I'm a spectacular archer, feed Count Dracula, Chocula 
 Godzilla, half dragon and Bob Dylan, bandwagoners 
 I'm kicking the damn stragglers off and I'm strangling 'em 
 Smack Kim Basinger on her ass in the sauna[Intro: Eminem & Dr. Dre] 
 Marshall! Sounds like an SOS 
 Holy wack unlyrical lyrics, Andre, you're fucking right! 
 To the Rapmobile—let's go! 
 (Marshall! Marshall!) 
 Bitches and gentlemen! It's showtime! 
 Hurry hurry, step right up! 
 Introducing the star of our show 
 His name is (Marshall!) 
 You wouldn't wanna be anywhere else in the world right now 
 So without further ado, I bring to you (Marshall!) 
  
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 You're 'bout to witness hip-hop in its most purest 
 Most rawest form, flow almost flawless 
 Most hardest, most honest known artist 
 Chip off the old block, but old Doc is (back) 
 Looks like Batman brought his own Robin 
 Oh God, Saddam's got his own Laden 
 With his own private plane, his own pilot 
 Set to blow college dorm rooms doors off the hinges 
 Oranges, peach, pears, plums, syringes 
 Vrinn, vrinn! Yeah, here I come, I'm inches 
 Away from you, dear, fear none 
 Hip-hop is in a state of 9-1-1, so 
  
 [Hook: Eminem & Dr. Dre] 
 Let's get down to business 
 I don't got no time to play around, what is this? 
 Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down 
 On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!) 
 Let's get down to business 
 I don't got no time to play around, what is this? 
 Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down 
 On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!) 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Quick, gotta move fast, gotta perform miracles 
 Gee willikers Dre, "Holy bat syllables!" 
 Look at all the bullshit that goes on in Gotham 
 When I'm gone, time to get rid of these rap criminals 
 So skip to your lou while I do what I do best 
 You ain't even impressed no more, you're used to it 
 Flow's too wet, nobody close to it 
 Nobody says it but still everybody knows the shit 
 The most hated on out of all those who say they get hated on 
 In eighty songs and exaggerate it all so much 
 They make it all up, there's no such thing 
 Like a female with good looks who cooks and cleans 
 It just means so much more to so much more 
 People when you're rappin' and you know what for 
 The show must go on; so I'd like to welcome y'all 
 To Marshall and Andre's carnival, c'mon! 
  
 [Hook: Eminem & Dr. Dre] 
 Let's get down to business 
 I don't got no time to play around, what is this? 
 Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down 
 On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!) 
 Let's get down to business 
 I don't got no time to play around, what is this? 
 Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down 
 On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!) 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem & Dr. Dre] 
 It's just like old times, the Dynamic Duo 
 Two old friends, why panic? You already know 
 Who's fully capable, the two caped heroes 
 Dial straight down the center, eight-zero-zero 
 You can even call collect, the most feared duet 
 Since me and Elton played career Russian Roulette 
 And never even see me blink or get to bustin' a sweat 
 People steppin' over people just to rush to the set 
 Just to get to see an MC who breathes so freely 
 Ease over these beats and be so breezy 
 Jesus, how can shit be so easy? 
 How can one Chandra be so Levy? 
 Turn on these beats, MCs don't see me 
 Believe me, BET and MTV 
 Are gonna grieve when we leave, dog, fo' sheezy 
 Can't leave rap alone, the game needs me 
 'Til we grow beards, get weird and disappear 
 Into the mountains, nothin' but clowns down here 
 But we ain't fuckin' around round here 
 Yo, Dre (What up?) Can I get a "hell yeah"? (Hell yeah!) 
  
 [Hook: Eminem & Dr. Dre] 
 Let's get down to business 
 I don't got no time to play around, what is this? 
 Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down 
 On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!) 
 Let's get down to business 
 I don't got no time to play around, what is this? 
 Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down 
 On these clowns; can I get a witness? (Hell yeah!) 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 So there you have it, folks 
 (Marshall!) has come to save the day 
 Back with his friend Andre 
 And to remind you that bullshit does not pay 
 Because (Marshall!) and Andre are here to stay 
 And never go away 
 Until our dying day 
 Until we're old and grey (Marshall!) 
 So until next time, friends 
 Same blonde hair, same rap channel 
 Good night, everyone! 
 Thank you for coming! Your host for the evening (Marshall!) 
 Oh! Heh[Intro: Doctor & Nurse] 
 Scalpel 
 Here 
 Sponge 
 Here 
 Wait, he's convulsing, he's convulsing 
 Ahh 
 We're gonna have to shock him 
 Oh my God, oh my God 
 We're gonna have to shock him 
 Oh my God 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 These are the results of a thousand electric volts 
 A neck with bolts 
 Nurse, we're losin' him, check the pulse 
 A kid who refused to respect adults 
 Wore spectacles with taped frames and a freckled nose 
 A corny-lookin' white boy, scrawny and always ornery 
 'Cause I was always sick of brawny bullies pickin' on me 
 And I might snap, one day just like that 
 I decided to strike back, and flatten every tire on the bike rack 
 My first day in Junior High, this kid said 
 "It's you and I, three o'clock sharp, this afternoon you die" 
 I looked at my watch, it was 1:20 
 "I already gave you my lunch money 
 What more do you want from me?" 
 He said, "Don't try to run from me, you'll just make it worse" 
 My palms were sweaty, and I started to shake at first 
 Somethin' told me, "Try to fake a stomach ache, it works" 
 I screamed, "Ow, my appendix feel like they could burst 
 Teacher, teacher, quick, I need a naked nurse" 
 "What's the matter?" 
 "I don't know, my leg, it hurts" 
 "Leg? I thought you said it was your tummy" 
 "Oh, I mean it is, but I also got a bum knee" 
 "Mr. Mathers, the fun and games are over 
 And just for that stunt, you're gonna get some extra homework" 
 "But don't you wanna give me after school detention?" 
 "Nah, that bully wants to beat your ass and I'ma let him" 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Brain damage, ever since the day I was born 
 Drugs is what they used to say I was on 
 They say I never knew which way I was goin' 
 But everywhere I go, they keep playin' my song 
 Brain damage, ever since the day I was born 
 Drugs is what they used to say I was on 
 They say I never knew which way I was goin' 
 But everywhere I go, they keep playin' my song 
 Brain damage 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Way before my baby daughter Hailie 
 I was harassed daily by this fat kid named DeAngelo Bailey 
 An eighth grader who acted obnoxious, 'cause his father boxes 
 So every day he'd shove me in the lockers 
 One day he came in the bathroom while I was pissin' 
 And had me in the position to beat me into submission 
 He banged my head against the urinal 'til he broke my nose 
 Soaked my clothes in blood, grabbed me and choked my throat 
 I tried to plead and tell him we shouldn't beef 
 But he just wouldn't leave 
 He kept chokin' me and I couldn't breathe 
 He looked at me and said, "You gonna die, honky" 
 The principal walked in and started helpin' him stomp me 
 (What's going on in here?) 
 I made 'em think they beat me to death 
 Holdin' my breath for like five minutes before they finally left 
 Then I got up and ran to the janitor's storage booth 
 Kicked the door hinge loose and ripped out the four-inch screws 
 Grabbed some sharp objects, brooms and foreign tools 
 This is for every time you took my orange juice 
 Or stole my seat in the lunchroom and drank my chocolate milk 
 Every time you tipped my tray and it dropped and spilt 
 I'm gettin' you back, bully, now once and for good 
 I cocked the broomstick back and swung hard as I could 
 And beat him over the head with it 'til I broke the wood 
 Knocked him down, stood on his chest with one foot 
 Made it home later that same day 
 Started readin' a comic, and suddenly everything became gray 
 I couldn't even see what I was tryin' to read 
 I went deaf and my left ear started to bleed 
 My mother started screamin', "What are you on, drugs?! 
 Look at you, you're gettin' blood all over my rug" (I'm sorry) 
 She beat me over the head with the remote control 
 Opened a hole and my whole brain fell out of my skull 
 I picked it up and screamed, "Look, bitch, what have you done?" 
 "Oh my God, I'm sorry, son" 
 Shut up, you cunt 
 I said fuck it, took it and stuck it back up in my head 
 Then I sewed it shut and put a couple of screws in my neck 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Brain damage, ever since the day I was born 
 Drugs is what they used to say I was on 
 They say I never knew which way I was goin' 
 But everywhere I go, they keep playin' my song 
 Brain damage, ever since the day I was born 
 Drugs is what they used to say I was on 
 They say I never knew which way I was goin' 
 But everywhere I go, they keep playin' my song 
  
 [Outro] 
 Brain damage, it's brain damage 
 I got brain damage, it's brain damage 
 It's probably brain damage, it's brain damage 
 Brain damage, I got brain damage[Chorus: Ozzy Osbourne] 
 I'm going through changes 
 I'm going through changes 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Lately I really feel like I'm rollin' for delf 
 Like Philly, feel like I'm losin' control of myself 
 I sincerely apologize if all that I sound like 
 Is I'm complainin' but life keeps on complicatin' 
 And I'm debatin' on leavin' this world this evenin' 
 Even my girls can see I'm grievin', I try and hide it 
 But I can't, why do I act like I'm all high and mighty 
 When inside I'm dyin'? I am finally realizin' I need 
 Help, can't do it myself, too weak 
 Two weeks I've been havin' ups and downs goin' through peaks 
 And valleys, dilly-dallyin' 'round with the idea 
 Of endin' this shit right here,  I'm hatin' my reflection 
 I walk around the house tryna fight mirrors 
 I can't stand what I look like, yeah I look fat 
 But what do I care? I give a fuck 
 Only thing I fear's Hailie, I'm afraid if I close my eyes, that I might see her... shit 
  
 [Chorus: Ozzy Osbourne] 
 I'm going through changes 
 I'm going through changes 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I lock myself in the bedroom, bathroom, nappin' at noon 
 Yeah, Dad's in a bad mood, he's always snappin' at you 
 Marshall, what happened that you can't stop with these pills? 
 And you've fallen off with your skills and your own fans are laughin' at you 
 It become a problem you're too pussy to tackle? Get up 
 Be a man, stand, a real man woulda had this shit handled 
 Know you just had your heart ripped out and crushed 
 They say Proof just flipped out, homie just whipped out and bust 
 Nah, it ain't like Doody to do that, he wouldn't fuckin' 
 Shoot at nobody, he'd fight first, but dwellin' 
 On it only makes the night worse, now I'm poppin' Vics, Percs 
 And Methadone pills, "Yeah, Em, tight verse 
 You killed it!" Fuckin' drug dealers hang around me like yes men 
 And they gon' do whatever I says when I says it 
 It's in their best interest to protect their investment 
 And I just lost my fuckin' best friend, so fuck it, I guess then— 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem (& Ozzy Osbourne)] 
 (I'm going through changes) Don’t know what I’m gonna do 
 (I'm going through changes) But I just keep on going through changes 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem & Hailie Jade] 
 My friends can't understand this new me, that's understandable 
 Man, but think how bananas you'd be, you'd be an animal too 
 If you were trapped in this fame and caged in it like a zoo 
 And everybody's lookin' at you, what you want me to do? 
 I'm startin' to live like a recluse 
 And the truth is, fame's startin' to give me an excuse 
 To be at an all-time low; I sit alone in my home theater 
 Watchin' the same damn DVD of the 
 First tour; the last tour, he was still alive 
 And it hurts so I fast forward, sleeping pills'll make me feel alright 
 And if I'm still awake in the middle of the night 
 I'll just take a couple more, yeah, you're motherfuckin' right 
 I ain't slowin' down for no one, I am almost homeward bound 
 Almost in a coma, yeah homie, come on, dole 'em out! 
 "Daddy, don't you die on me! Daddy, better hold your ground!" 
 Fuck, don't I know the sound of that voice? Yeah, baby, hold me down (Daddy!) 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem, Hailie Jade (& Ozzy Osbourne)] 
 (I'm going through changes) (Daddy!) Don’t know what I’m gonna do 
 (I'm going through changes) But I just keep on going through changes 
  
 [Verse 4: Eminem] 
 Wake up in the hospital, full of tubes, but somehow I'm pullin' through 
 Swear when I come back I'ma be bulletproof 
 I'ma do it just for Proof, I think I should state a few 
 Facts, 'cause I may not get a chance again to say the truth 
 Shit, it just hit me that what if I would not've made it through? 
 I think about the things I woulda never got to say to you 
 I'd never get to make it right, so here's what I came to do 
 Hailie, this one is for you, Whitney and Alaina too 
 I still love your mother, that'll never change 
 Think about her every day, we just could never get it together, hey 
 Wish there was a better way for me to say it 
 But I swear on everything, I'd do anything for her on any day 
 There are just too many things to explain, when it rains 
 Guess it pours — yes, it does, wish there wasn't any pain 
 But I can't pretend there ain't, I ain't placin' any blame 
 I ain't pointin' fingers, Heaven knows I've never been a saint 
 I know that it feels like we just pissed away our history 
 And just today I looked at your picture, almost if to say 
 I miss you subconsciously, wish it didn't end this way 
 But I just had to get away, don't know why, I don't know what else to say, I guess I'm— 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem (& Ozzy Osbourne)] 
 (I'm going through changes) Don’t know what I’m gonna do 
 (I'm going through changes) But I just keep on going through changes[Intro: Eminem] 
 Yeah, you know, technically 
 I'm not even really supposed to be here right now 
 So fuck it, might as well make the most of it 
 (Amen, Amen) 
 Yeah! Ha ha, feels good 
 Guess I'm lucky 
 Some of us don't get a second chance 
 But I ain't blowin' this one 
 Nah, man, ha ha 
 Shit, I feel like I can do anything now 
  
 [Bridge: Eminem] 
 Who can catch lightning in the bottle, set fire to water 
 Comin' out the nozzle on the fire hose, flyer than swatters 
 (Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man) 
 Smash an hourglass, grab the sand 
 Take his hands and cup 'em 
 Spit a rhyme and freeze the clock 
 Take the hands of time and cuff 'em 
 (Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man) 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 There's a storm comin' that the weatherman couldn't predict 
 I start to bug, prick, you better flee, 'cause I get ticked 
 It's a wrap, I was down when I was down, I was kicked 
 I got up, I'm back to punch you to the ground, you trick! 
 It's a trap, fuck my last CD, the shit's in my trash 
 I'll be goddamned if another rapper gets in my ass 
 I hit the gas and I spit every rap as if it's my last 
 You can die in the blink of an eye, so bat your eyelashes 
 And keep winkin' and blowin' kisses 
 'Cause you're flirtin' with death 
 I'm destroyin' your livelihood, I ain't just hurtin' your rep 
 I catch a flow and get goin' 
 No remorse I'm showin', ain't slowin' for no one 
 Knowin' there's nothin' you can do about it 
 Zero in on the target like a marksman, the target is you 
 I shut your lane down, took your spot, parked in it too 
 Arsenic flow, lighter fluid saliva—what can you do? 
 Go get your crew to hype you up 
 Stand behind you like "Whooo!" 
 That boy's hot enough to melt Hell, burn Satan too 
 Fry his ass and put his ashes back together with glue 
 See, you can hate him, he don't blame you 
 Frankly, he would too 
 This game could ill afford to lose him, how 'bout you? 
  
 [Refrain: Eminem] 
 Now guess who? (Hey!) Here's a clue (Hey!) 
 He came to the ball in his wife beater, lost his Nike shoe 
 It's in your ass, (Hey!), he's in your ass 
 He's all up in your psyche too 
 Now, what's his name? 
  
 [Chorus: Kobe] 
 (Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man) 
 If I had a time machine, I'd be Cinderella Man 
 (Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man) 
 Music is my time machine, so call me 
 (Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man) 
  
 [Bridge 2: Eminem] 
 Fuck catchin' lightning, he struck it 
 Screamed "Shut up!" at thunder 
 Then flipped the world upside down 
 And made it rain upward 
 (Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man) 
 Rewound the future to the present 
 Paused it – don't ask how 
 Fuck the past, mothafucka 
 He's the shit right now, he's 
 (Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man) 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Cinderella man, Cinder Fellow, Shady dane 
 Came to wrap the game up in cellophane 
 Raise hell, from Hell he came 
 But didn't come to bore you with the Cinderella story 
 Nor did he come to do the same old 
 Can't afford to be a lame-o 
 In this day and age and at this stage of the game 
 Mediocrity can no longer be allowed to fly 
 So say bye to the old, H-I to the new 
 Que será, consider it his last hurrah 
 The coup de grâce, raise 'em high 
 In the sky, keep 'em up, time to bring the place alive 
 Thanks for bein' patient, I 
 Will make no more mistakes, shit, my 
 Potato's baked, homie, the veggies on my plate can fly 
 My filet is smokin' weed—yeah, faggot, the steaks are high 
 Shit, I ain't even suppose to be here by the grace of God 
 The skin of my teeth and the hair on my nuts, I skated by 
 Now y'all are on thin ice with ankle weights, I'd hate to lie 
 How fuckin' irritated are you? How much in your face am I? 
 It ain't shit you could do but fear it, Proof is here in spirit 
 And I'm the spittin' image, I mirror it when I stand near it 
 Your pussy lyric, I "cunt" hear it 
 Who forms pyramids and raps circles around square lyricists 
  
 [Refrain: Eminem] 
 Who? Here's a clue (Hey!) 
 He came to the ball in his wife beater, lost his Nike shoe 
 It's in your ass, (Hey!), he's in your ass 
 He's all up in your psyche too 
 (Hey!) Now, (Hey!) what's his name? 
  
 [Chorus: Kobe] 
 (Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella, Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man) 
 If I had a time machine, I'd be 
 (Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man) 
 Music is my time machine, so call me 
 (Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man 
 Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man)[Intro] 
 Yeah, shout to everybody 
 Who's been on this trip with me 
 You don't have to, agree 
 But if you feel like me 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Someone get this Aryan a sheet 
 Time to bury him, so tell him to prepare to get impeached 
 Everybody on your feet 
 This is where terrorism and heroism meet, square off in the street 
 This chump barely even sleeps 
 All he does is watch Fox News like a parrot and repeats 
 While he looks like a canary with a beak 
 Why you think he banned transgenders from the military with a tweet? He's tryin' to divide us 
 This shit's like a cult, but like Johnny he'll only unite us 
 'Cause nothin' inside us drives us like this fight does 
 Similar to when two cars collide 'cause 
 Our spirit's crushed, and this spot's a tight one 
 But here the jaws of life come 
 To pull us from the wreckage, that's what we get pride from 
 When we can’t from our stars and stripes cause 
 This type of pickle that we're in is hard to deal 
 But there's always tomorrow still 
 If we start from scratch like a scab, get the scars to heal 
 And band together for Charlottesville 
 And for Heather, fallen heroes, fill this wall with murals 
 Nevada get up, hit the damn resetter 
 Let's start from zero, this is our renewal 
 Spray tan, get rid of, get a brand new, better 
 America, and here's to where it all 
  
 [Chorus: Alicia Keys & Eminem] 
 And here's to where we all began, all began (Stand up!) 
 Here's to the land that made me 
 And made me who I am, who I am (Hands up!) 
 Here's to the land that raised me 
 This one for the only place that really knows me 
 For the cracks in the road that drove me 
 There's no place like home 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Didn't wanna piss your base off, did ya? 
 Can't denounce the Klan, 'cause they play golf with ya 
 You stay on Twitter, way to get your hate off 
 Nazi, I do not see a way y'all differ 
 And all you got are race cards, bigot 
 The swastika with your name carved in it 
 Should be your trademark, 'cause hate's all you played off 
 And you just lick the plate off 
 So I guess it pays to feed off of chaos 
 So basically, you ate off Hitler! 
 But you ain't ruinin' our country, punk 
 Or takin' our pride from us, you won't define us 
 'Cause like a dictionary, things are lookin' up 
 So much, got a sprained neck, know we would rise up 
 Against this train wreck and take a stand 
 Even if it means sittin' when they raise the flag 
 To sing "The Star-Spangled Banner" 
 This man just praised a statue of General Lee 
 'Cause he generally hates the black people, degrades hispanics 
 Take it back to the Shady national convention 
 Wish I woulda spit on it before I went to shake his hand 
 At the event or maybe had the wherewithal 
 To know that he was gonna try to tear apart 
 Our sacred land we cherish and stand for 
 So, hands in the air, let's hear it for 
 The start of a brand new America 
 Without him and be proud of where we're from 
 And here's to where we all 
  
 [Chorus: Alicia Keys & Eminem] 
 And here's to where we all began, all began (Stand up!) 
 Here's to the land that made me 
 And made me who I am, who I am (Hands up!) 
 Here's to the land that raised me 
 This one for the only place that really knows me 
 For the cracks in the road that drove me 
 There's no place like home 
  
 [Bridge: Alicia Keys & Eminem] 
 I won't give up 
 I won't give up on my home, that so many died for 
 You already know that I won't give up 
 I won't give up on my home, that so many died for 
 You already know 
 There's no place like home, no place like home 
 Wherever I go, no place like home 
 No place like home, no place like home 
 Wherever I go (Yeah) 
  
 [Chorus: Alicia Keys & Eminem] 
 And here's to where we all began, all began (Stand up!) 
 Here's to the land that made me 
 And made me who I am, who I am (Hands up!) 
 Here's to the land that raised me 
 This one for the only place that really knows me 
 For the cracks in the road that drove me 
 There's no place like home[Chorus: Liz Rodrigues and Eminem] 
 I built this castle 
 Now we are trapped on the throne 
 I'm sorry we’re alone 
 I wrote my chapter 
 You'll turn the page when I'm gone 
 I hope you’ll sing along 
 This is your song 
 I just want you to know that I ain't scared 
 Whatever it takes to raise you, I'm prepared 
 To do whatever, to do whatever 
 December 1st, 1995, dear Hailie 
 This is your song 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 You'll be coming out of Mommy's stomach soon 
 I better do something quick if I'ma be able to support you 
 I can barely support me, but as long as you're healthy 
 That's all that matters for the time being 
 But obviously assuming you will be 
 Just thinking ahead, I’ma make it if it kills me 
 Let’s see how far I can take it with this music 
 I'm getting sick of chasing this illusion (ha!) 
 Sorry for sloppy writing 
 The pen in my hand is shaking, please excuse me 
 Dad’s a little nervous, but at the same time excited 
 If I use this same energy while I'm saying rhymes and write them 
 With the same passion and the same exact enthusiasm 
 As I'm using in this letter, maybe they can feel me as I'm 
 Trying to build these castles out of sand, baby girl 
 For you to sit on the throne, I got plans, baby girl 
 Welcome to Mom and Dad’s crazy world 
 Love, Daddy, maple-flavored kisses, buttered pancakes, and syrup 
  
 [Chorus: Liz Rodrigues and Eminem] 
 I built this castle 
 Now we are trapped on the throne 
 I'm sorry we're alone 
 I wrote my chapter 
 You'll turn the page when I'm gone 
 I hope you'll sing along 
 This is your song 
 I just want you to know that I ain't scared 
 Whatever it takes to raise you, I'm prepared 
 To do whatever, to do whatever 
 December 1st, 1996, dear Hailie 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 You got your momma's personality, same eyes as I got 
 Her beautiful smile, but your ears are the same size as mine are 
 Sorry for that, a little minor mishap 
 But you'll grow into them, baby, I'm on the grind now 
 I'm doing little shows, open mics, all-nighters at studios 
 While I'm tryna keep the lights on 
 Why does it seem like I'm so close to this dream, yet so far? 
 I just keep steering, I'ma turn into someone 
 I haven't the slightest clue what I'ma do if it falls through 
 You took your first steps today, you'll probably walk soon 
 My Infinite CD flopped, too many soft tunes 
 They're talking bad about Dad, it's ticking me off too 
 Makes me feel like I don't belong or something, ooh 
 I think I might have just stumbled onto something new 
 Got a prediction for the future, I'm hoping that you 
 Open this envelope when you're older and it holds true 
  
 [Chorus: Liz Rodrigues and Eminem] 
 I built this castle 
 Now we are trapped on the throne 
 I'm sorry we're alone 
 I wrote my chapter 
 You'll turn the page when I'm gone 
 I hope you'll sing along 
 This is your song 
 I just want you to know that I ain't scared 
 Whatever it takes to raise you, I'm prepared 
 To do whatever, to do whatever 
 December 24th, 2007, dear Hailie 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Now if you found these letters, I guess I better try to explain 
 A lot's happened in between them since I rised to this fame 
 I've said your name but always tried to hide your face 
 This game is crazy, I wanted to claim my love for you, but dang 
 I never knew it'd be like this, if I did I wouldn't have done it 
 You ain't asked for none of this shit, now you're being punished?! 
 Things that should've been private with me and your mother is public 
 I can't stomach, they can take this fame back, I don't want it 
 I'll put out this last album then I'm done with it 
 One-hundred percent finished 
 Fed up with it, I'm hanging it up, fuck it 
 Excuse the cursing, baby, but just know 
 That I'm a good person, though they portray me as cold 
 And if things should worsen, don't take this letter I wrote 
 As a goodbye note, but your dad's at the end of his rope 
 I'm sliding down a slippery slope 
 Anyways sweetie, I better go 
 I'm getting sleepy, love, Dad… shit, I don't know 
  
 [The sound of a bottle of pills being opened is heard. Eminem ingests them and collapses over the floor][Chorus: Kehlani] 
 Ashes blowin' in the air 
 Our world’s on fire, but we don't care, yeah 
 Wasted youth, always on the road 
 Never lookin' back and we’re never gettin' old 
 'Cause the skies are black 
 But our heart's made of gold 
 Fuck doin' what you're told 
 We're goin' nowhere fast 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I feel sorry for this beat, sympathy pains for this track 
 This road is takin’ me back 
 Down memory lane with this rap 
 I can still look out in this crowd, be wowed and be taken aback 
 I’m simply stating a fact 
 I had Wembley Stadium packed 
 But now we're on a path headed to nowhere and fast 
 Another terrorist attacks 
 Like a tariff, blows half of Madison Square up, alas 
 We perish in the blast 
 But that isn’t scaring us, we pass 
 Nowhere we're fearless, 'cause we're just— 
  
 [Pre-Chorus: Kehlani & Eminem] 
 Ashes blowin’ in the air 
 Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah 
 (We don't give a… no, no) 
 Wasted youth, always on the road 
 Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old 
 'Cause the skies are black 
 But our heart's made of gold (golden) 
 Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told) 
 We're goin' nowhere fast 
  
 [Post-Chorus: Kehlani] 
 'Cause we're goin' no, goin' no 
 Goin' no, goin' no 
 Goin no, goin' nowhere 
 We're on the run of our lives 
 Goin' nowhere fast 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Fuck doin' what you're told, act like a two-year old 
 Shit is soon to go kaboom and blow 
 Anyways; for MC's it's a funeral 
 When I'm devisin' this rhyme 
 'Cause I'm awake and you're mourning 
 That's why I rise and I shine 
 Like a new day has dawned on me 
 Gusto, guts, bravado 
 Nuts and plus I kick up dust and cuss a lot 
 I musta got you in somewhat of a debacle 
 'Cause some stuff that's awful 
 Really don't mean nothin' although 
 There's a lot of shit I said in jest that's tough to swallow 
 But if at times my heart it seems 
 Like it's in the wrong place, it's probably 'cause it's on my sleeve 
 Keanu Reeves speed of life, avoid or veer 
 Or just steer toward it, we're only lookin' forward 
 But where we're goin', we have no idea 
 Nowhere to go, but hysterical, it's gettin' warm in here 
 I set the world on fire, was born to be an arsonist 
 Just one spark and it's lit 
 But I'ma still get dark on this shit 
 Told you I'd leave my mark on this bitch—war machine 
 But you forced me in a corner 
 I'm sure to have somethin' for your rear 
 And in the course of the assault as torture gets more severe 
 Go to war with me, you'll end up blew to Timbuktu 
 I send at you a ten-ton nuke like Kim Jong-Un 
 And end up ruinin' your career 
 But when all is said and done 
 And at the end of my run I'll just rewind clocks, forever young 
 Make time stop, will I ever fall off? That day will never come 
 'Til the pine box, bitch, fuck you! I'm better than I ever was 
 'Til the bomb drops, hope it never does 
 But I'm not gonna sweat it 'cause 
 This world's screwed, it's already fucked 
 And I'm on top, so everyone's just— 
  
 [Chorus: Kehlani & Eminem] 
 Ashes blowin' in the air (so we're…) 
 Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah 
 (We don't give a… no, no) 
 Wasted youth, always on the road 
 Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old 
 'Cause the skies are black 
 But our heart's made of gold (golden) 
 Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told) 
 We're goin' nowhere fast 
  
 [Post-Chorus: Kehlani] 
 'Cause we're goin' no, goin' no 
 Goin' no, goin' no 
 Goin' no, goin' nowhere 
 We're on the run of our lives 
 Goin' nowhere fast 
  
 [Bridge: Eminem & Kehlani] 
 You can't tell us nothin' 
 Hard-headed and we're stubborn 
 So, one ear and out the other when we're young, we're young 
 (We're on the run of our lives) 
 Who knows what the future for us could hold 
 Another shooter? Uh oh 
 (We're on the run of our lives) 
 No more tomorrows, we're done 
 And all we are is— 
  
 [Chorus: Kehlani & Eminem] 
 Ashes blowin' in the air (so we're…) 
 Our world's on fire, but we don't care (don't care, yeah) 
 (We don't give a… no, no) 
 Wasted youth, always on the road 
 Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old 
 'Cause the skies are black 
 But our heart's made of gold (golden) 
 Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told) 
 We're goin' nowhere fast 
  
 [Post-Chorus: Kehlani] 
 'Cause we're goin' no, goin' no 
 Goin' no, goin' no 
 Goin' no, goin' nowhere 
 We're on the run of our lives 
 Goin' nowhere fast[Intro] 
 It's the calm before the storm right here 
 Wait, how was I gonna start this off? 
 I forgot… oh yeah 
  
 [Verse] 
 That's an awfully hot coffee pot 
 Should I drop it on Donald Trump? Probably not 
 But that's all I got 'til I come up with a solid plot 
 Got a plan and now I gotta hatch it 
 Like a damn Apache with a tomahawk 
 I'ma walk inside a mosque on Ramadan 
 And say a prayer that every time **** talks 
 She gets her mou— ahh, I'ma stop 
 But we better give Obama props 
 'Cause what we got in office now's a kamikaze 
 That'll probably cause a nuclear holocaust 
 And while the drama pops 
 And he waits for shit to quiet down, he'll just gas his plane up 
 And fly around 'til the bombing stops 
 Intensities heightened, tensions are risin' 
 Trump, when it comes to givin' a shit, you're stingy as I am 
 Except when it comes to havin' the balls to go against me, you hide 'em 
 'Cause you don't got the fuckin' nuts like an empty asylum 
 Racism's the only thing he's fantastic for 
 'Cause that's how he gets his fuckin' rocks off and he's orange 
 Yeah, sick tan 
 That's why he wants us to disband 
 'Cause he cannot withstand 
 The fact we're not afraid of Trump 
 Fuck walkin' on egg shells, I came to stomp 
 That's why he keeps screamin', "Drain the swamp!" 
 'Cause he's in quicksand 
 It's like we take a step forwards, then backwards 
 But this is his form of distraction 
 Plus, he gets an enormous reaction 
 When he attacks the NFL so we focus on that in– 
 –stead of talkin' Puerto Rico or gun reform for Nevada 
 All these horrible tragedies and he's bored and would rather 
 Cause a Twitter storm with the Packers 
 Then says he wants to lower our taxes 
 Then who's gonna pay for his extravagant trips 
 Back and forth with his fam to his golf resorts and his mansions? 
 Same shit that he tormented Hillary for and he slandered 
 Then does it more 
 From his endorsement of Bannon 
 Support for the Klansmen 
 Tiki torches in hand for the soldier that's black 
 And comes home from Iraq 
 And is still told to go back to Africa 
 Fork and a dagger in this racist 94-year-old grandpa 
 Who keeps ignorin' our past historical, deplorable factors 
 Now if you're a black athlete you're a spoiled little brat for 
 Tryna use your platform or your stature 
 To try to give those a voice who don't have one 
 He says, "You're spittin' in the face of vets who fought for us, you bastards!" 
 Unless you're a POW who's tortured and battered 
 'Cause to him you're zeros 
 'Cause he don't like his war heroes captured 
 That's not disrespectin' the military 
 Fuck that, this is for Colin, ball up a fist! 
 And keep that shit balled like Donald the bitch! 
 "He's gonna get rid of all immigrants!" 
 "He's gonna build that thing up taller than this!" 
 Well, if he does build it, I hope it's rock solid with bricks 
 'Cause like him in politics, I'm usin' all of his tricks 
 'Cause I'm throwin' that piece of shit against the wall 'til it sticks 
 And any fan of mine who's a supporter of his 
 I'm drawing in the sand a line, you're either for or against 
 And if you can't decide who you like more and you're split 
 On who you should stand beside, I'll do it for you with this: 
 Fuck you! 
 The rest of America, stand up! 
 We love our military, and we love our country 
 But we fuckin' hate Trump![Verse 1] 
 One thousand different houses and Münchausen, I'ma make you 
 Wanna punch out some-fuckin'-one: "Ouch! What the fuck you hit me for?!" 
 Screamed life as I punch counter, in bunches out of anger 
 I once encountered a stranger in a dumb gown 
 Black hoodie with a scythe, shit, I laughed in his face, spit 
 Bitch gave me an extra life, like, "Take this! 
 Now get your ass back in that game, bitch! Don't take shit 
 For granted, and don't take shit, give it!" 
 Only bull you should take is by the horns, a mixture of Whitey Ford 
 And Mighty Thor, I everlast, pen is mightier than sword 
 Finish writin', then record, replenish, keep writin' more 
 Nothing's ridin' on it but your pride, that's all you're fightin' for 
 So you fight, scratch, you claw, backs to wall, no one was there to catch you fall 
 You pick yourself back up, you dust your jacket off 
 You grab your balls like they're gargantuan and ask yourself how fuckin' bad you want it 
 Pull out your badge for whoopin' ass and flash it on 'em 
 Nobody's gonna back you in the corner, you're a hornet 
 No one's more ignorant than you fuckin' four in the mornin' 
 You're at the la-bor-atory, stormin' like there's nothin' that's more important 
 Emcees, you better consider this a formal warnin', you're in for it! 
 Girl, what would you do if I said your body was off the chain 
 And I told you I smile every single time I saw your face? 
 I ain't finished, bitch, I meant "in half", oil the blades 
 Nobody wants to play, they say I'm a spoiled lil' baby, but— 
  
 [Hook] 
 Nobody puts baby in the corner 
 I'm only tryna warn ya 
 'Cause that baby gets mad and gets to throwin' a tantrum 
 He'll fuckin' flip on ya 
 'Cause nobody puts baby in the corner 
 I'm only tryna warn ya 
 'Cause that baby gets mad and gets to throwin' a tantrum 
 He'll fuckin' flip on ya 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 What goes through an addict's brain besides static pain 
 And Big Daddy Kane, breakbeats and words? An erratic train 
 Of thought like splatter paint, scatter brain 
 Yeah, maybe that explains why you're back but you don't rap the same (Yeah!) 
 And you're lookin' way thinner 'cause your hunger got you lookin' like 
 They took away dinner (Chicka) "Sugar Ray" Leonard 
 Wouldn't sugar-coat a fuckin' booger though just to wipe that bitch on a hooker's coat 
 When you say you're a (chicka) what? (chicka) GOAT 
 Now fling that bitch from your fingertips, hope it lands on 
 Another rap singer's lips who can't think of shit anything of wit 
 That's interesting to spit, yo, who's king of this fuckin' English lit? 
 Let your middle fingers flip on each hand while extendin' the shit 
 How low can you go? Lower then Chuck D, ho 
 Hear the bassiness in my voice? Rocky's back, where my Adrians? 
 Nobody's crazy as Shady in an eighty million mile radius 
 I'm what Tom Brady is to the Patriots 
 To rap; I'm not a man, I'm a weapon who just happened 
 To be a rapper who just happen to be on the crapper 
 When it happened I had an epiphany in the bathroom 
 I'd never be the same after now I'm back with an appe- 
 -tite for destruction and a fuckin' recipe for disaster 
 So let's eat 'cause I'm famished, every deed is a dastardly 
 One, evilest bastard, even you askin' for me to be po- 
 -lite to people's like me havin' my teeth pulled 
  
 [Hook] 
 Nobody puts baby in the corner 
 I'm only tryna warn ya 
 'Cause that baby gets mad and gets to throwin' a tantrum 
 He'll fuckin' flip on ya 
 'Cause nobody puts baby in the corner 
 I'm only tryna warn ya 
 'Cause that baby gets mad and gets to throwin' a tantrum 
 He'll fuckin' flip on ya 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 So step inside a dimension demented side of a mind that's like 
 An inside of an engine while I multiply your undivided attention 
 But be reminded: if I didn't mention 
 I lose my mind and my temper you'll be the first one who finds him offensive 
 Got him climbin' the fences, lost some time to addiction 
 But look up "rhyme" in the dictio-nary, I'm in the picture 
 "Eminem" is the synonym for it, I'm an enigma 
 Fuck it, let's get to the meatballs, I'm gonna skip the 
 Veg and potatoes, edumacator (They are) 
 Shit, legends are made of, spit treacherous data 
 Shit that you would say to your worst enemy 
 This wretched is what you get when you mix Treach with a Jada 
 Then combine 'em with Method Man and Redman with metham- 
 -phetamines in each left hand, in each right is a sledgehammer 
 In pajamas, standin' in front of a webcam 
 Beatin' themselves in the head 'til Russell lets him off Def Jam 
 Maybe I need my head exam-ed, Hannibal Lecter with a dead lamb 
 Hangin' from his ceiling, drippin' with a bed pan 
 I need meds, swear to God 'cause if I go off the edge 
 T.I. ain't talkin' me off the ledge, man 
 Heart-throb that’ll fart, ah, nah 
 More like a smart slob, part blob that'll stab you with a sharp ob- 
 -ject to the heart and leave claw marks all over the Wal- 
 -Mart walls, little baby with large balls 
 Fuck mud-slingin', I'm blood-flingin' 
 There's nothing on this fuckin' Earth better than bein' the 
 King of the playground, I hate the swings, but I love bein' 
 An underdog 'cause when I'm pushed I end up swingin' (Ah!) 
  
 [Hook] 
 Nobody puts baby in the corner 
 I'm only tryna warn ya 
 'Cause that baby gets mad and gets to throwin' a tantrum 
 He'll fuckin' flip on ya 
 'Cause nobody puts baby in the corner 
 I'm only tryna warn ya 
 'Cause that baby gets mad and gets to throwin' a tantrum 
 He'll fuckin' flip on ya[Intro: Eminem & Dina Rae] 
 Yeah, haha, whoo, shit 
 Aight, guess what? I ain't comin' in yet 
 I'll come in a minute 
 Ayo, this is my love song, it goes like this 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Back when Mark Wahlberg was Marky Mark (Fuckin' faggot!) 
 This is how we used to make the party start 
 We used to mix Hen with Bacardi Dark 
 And when it kicks in you can hardly talk 
 And by the sixth gin you're gon' probably crawl 
 And you'll be sick then and you'll probably barf 
 And my prediction is you're gon' probably fall 
 Either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall 
 And everything's spinnin', you're beginnin' to think women 
 Are swimmin' in pink linen again in the sink, then in 
 A couple of minutes that bottle of Guinness is finished 
 You are now allowed to officially slap bitches 
 You have the right to remain violent and start wilin' 
 Start a fight with the same guy that was smart-eyein' you 
 Get in your car, start it, and start drivin' 
 Over the island and cause a 42-car pile-up 
 Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot 
 Looking for life on this planet, sir, no sign of it 
 All I can see is a bunch of smoke flyin' 
 And I'm so high that I might die if I go by it 
 Let me outta this place, I'm outta place 
 I'm in outer space, I've just vanished without a trace 
 I'm going to a pretty place now where the flowers grow 
 I'll be back in an hour or so 
  
 [Hook: Eminem & Dina Rae] 
 ‘Cause every time I go to try to leave (Whoa) 
 Something keeps pullin' on my sleeve (Whoa) 
 I don't wanna, but I gotta stay (Whoa) 
 These drugs really got a hold of me (Whoa) 
 ‘Cause every time I try to tell 'em "no" (No) 
 They won't let me ever let 'em go (Go) 
 I'm a sucker all I gotta say (Whoa) 
 These drugs really got a hold of me (Whoa) 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 In third grade, all I used to do 
 Was sniff glue through a tube and play Rubik's Cube 
 Seventeen years later I'm as rude as Jude 
 Schemin' on the first chick with the hugest boobs 
 I've got no game, and every face looks the same 
 They've got no name, so I don't need game to play 
 I just say whatever I want to whoever I want 
 Whenever I want, wherever I want, however I want 
 However, I do show some respect to few 
 This ecstasy's got me standin' next to you 
 Gettin' sentimental as fuck, spillin' guts to you 
 We just met, but I think I'm in love with you 
 But you're on it too, so you tell me you love me too 
 Wake up in the morning like, "Yo, what the fuck we'd do?" 
 I gotta go, bitch, you know I got stuff to do 
 ‘Cause if I get caught cheatin', then I'm stuck with you 
 But in the long run, these drugs are probably 
 Gonna catch up sooner or later, but fuck it, I'm on one 
 So let's enjoy, let the X destroy your spinal cord 
 So it's not a straight line no more 
 'Til we walk around lookin' like some wind-up dolls 
 Shit's stickin' out of our backs like a dinosaur 
 Shit, six hits won't even get me high no more 
 So bye for now, I'm gonna try to find some more 
  
 [Hook: Eminem & Dina Rae] 
 ‘Cause every time I go to try to leave (Whoa) 
 Something keeps pullin' on my sleeve (Whoa) 
 I don't wanna, but I gotta stay (Whoa) 
 These drugs really got a hold of me (Whoa) 
 ‘Cause every time I try to tell 'em "no" (No) 
 They won't let me ever let 'em go (Go) 
 I'm a sucker all I gotta say (Whoa) 
 These drugs really got a hold of me (Whoa) 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow 
 When you swallow it all wallow and drown in your sorrow 
 And tomorrow you're probably gonna wanna do it again 
 What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend? 
 Screw it! And what's a little bit of alcohol poisonin'? 
 And what's a little fight? Tomorrow, you'll be boys again 
 It's your life, live it however you wanna 
 Marijuana is everywhere, where was you brought up? 
 It don't matter as long as you get where you're goin' 
 ‘Cause none of this shit's gonna mean shit where we're goin' 
 They tell you to stop, but you just sit there ignorin' 
 Even though you wake up feelin' like shit every mornin' 
 But you're young, you've got a lot of drugs to do 
 Girls to screw, parties to crash, sucks to be you 
 If I could take it all back now, I wouldn't 
 I would have did more shit that people said that I shouldn't 
 But I'm all grown up now and upgraded 
 And graduated to better drugs and updated 
 But I still got a lotta growing up to do 
 I still got a whole lotta throwing up to spew 
 But when it's all said and done, I'll be forty 
 Before I know it with a 40 on the porch tellin' stories 
 With a bottle of Jack, two grandkids in my lap 
 Babysittin' for Hailie while Hailie's out gettin' smashed 
  
 [Hook: Eminem & Dina Rae] 
 ‘Cause every time I go to try to leave (Whoa) 
 Something keeps pullin' on my sleeve (Whoa) 
 I don't wanna, but I gotta stay (Whoa) 
 These drugs really got a hold of me (Whoa) 
 ‘Cause every time I try to tell 'em "no" (No) 
 They won't let me ever let 'em go (Go) 
 I'm a sucker all I gotta say (Whoa) 
 These drugs really got a hold of me (Whoa) 
  
 [Hook: Eminem & Dina Rae] 
 ‘Cause every time I go to try to leave (Whoa) 
 Something keeps pullin' on my sleeve (Whoa) 
 I don't wanna, but I gotta stay (Whoa) 
 These drugs really got a hold of me (Whoa) 
 ‘Cause every time I try to tell 'em "no" (No) 
 They won't let me ever let 'em go (Go) 
 I'm a sucker all I gotta say (Whoa) 
 These drugs really got a hold of me (Whoa) 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 Drugs really got a hold of me 
 Really got a hold of me 
 These drugs really got a hold of me 
 They really got a hold of me[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Yeah, look 
 If I were to rap about the crap that's out 
 That's the route you probably want me to take 
 ‘Cause you're just dyin' to know what I think 
 Hear my take on some other rappers 
 If I was to say somethin' about Paul Wall 
 You'd probably crap in your pants, ‘cause I'm white and he's white 
 So he's like my competition, I mean, right? 
 Nope! Paul Wall is dope, and so is Bubba 
 So b-b-b-b-b-b, but I don't compete with nobody 
 I just go hard, do the rope-a-dope Ali shuffle 
 And dance around my opponents, do donuts 
 Sometimes I play possum, like I'm asleep, it's awesome 
 I'm like a sleepin' giant, and when I awake I'm like Dre 
 I just jump from outta nowhere and bite prey 
 And sink my teeth in 'em, and fill 'em 
 Full of poison, and make a noise like a snake before I kill 'em 
 And let 'em know that I just don't feel 'em 
 And smack 'em with the backward E, the Eminem emblem 
 I was taught if you gonna murder somebody you should face him 
 Tell him why, look him dead in the eye, then waste him 
 And the dark shall emerge from the fiery depths of hell 
 Then swallow the shell, all the hollow who dwell 
 In the shadows of all who are willing to sell their souls 
 For this rap game and it g-g-goes 
 One-two-three, chk-chk, one-two-three 
 Chk-chk, one-two-three, that ain't the hook, now follow me 
 There's nothing else for me to say, my public adores me 
 Everybody bores me, they're just so corny 
 So at night before I sleep, I look in the mirror 
 The mirror grows lips and it whispers: "Come nearer!" 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 My darling, I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling 
 You and me were meant to be together, my darling 
 And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling 
 ‘Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body 
 I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling 
 You and me were meant to be together, my darling 
 And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling 
 ‘Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 "Shady, I know you're in there somewhere, come here! 
 Talk to me, sit! Here, pull up a chair! 
 Why don't you cut your hair? 
 Ha ha ha ha ha ha! Dye it back, come on, try it!" 
 Ahh, no! I told you, leave me the fuck alone, will you? 
 "But I'm here to rebuild you," — but I already killed you! 
 "But Shady, we were meant for each other 
 Think about your mother," — yeah, so what of her? 
 "You think about what she did to you and your little brother 
 All them foster homes," — fuck you, motherfucker! 
 I had you beat! — "No, I was playin' possum 
 Remember? I let you watch your little girls blossom 
 I gave you enough time, your soul's mine 
 I'm taking it back," — you fuckin' bitch, why?! 
 "Because I love you, look a little closer 
 Isn't that us on that poster? Ha-ha-ha-ha!" 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 My darling, I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling 
 You and me were meant to be together, my darling 
 And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling 
 ‘Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body 
 I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling 
 You and me were meant to be together, my darling 
 And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling 
 ‘Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem & Dr. Dre] 
 "Shady, listen! (Shady!) You hear that? 
 They're screaming for you, I can bring your career back!" 
 But I don't want it back — "Yes, you do," — no, I don't 
 "Yes, you do! You're gonna regret it later," — no, I won't 
 "I'ma get Dre on the phone, I'll just call the Doctor" 
 Go ahead, I already talked to Dre yesterday 
 "Well, I got him on the phone right now!" 
 (Slim!) You're lying! (Yo, Slim!) How, why now? 
 What up, Dre? (Check this out, Slim, I gotta talk to you 
 I don't know, it just seems like ever since you got off your 
 Drugs you became a lot softer) 
 But Dre, all that Shady is, is a bottle of hair bleach and vodka 
 (Well, just think about it, Slim, I'm here 
 Just hit me back and let me know what's up) — fuck this mirror! 
 "I'm not in the mirror, I'm inside you 
 Let me guide you," — fuck you! Die, you son of a bitch! 
 "Put the gun down!" — bye-bye! Boom! 
 Okay, I'm still alive, — "So am I too! 
 You can't kill a spirit even if you tried to 
 Ha-ha, you sold your soul to me, need I remind you? 
 You remember that night you prayed to God 
 You'd give anything to get a record deal? Well, Dre signed you 
 This is what you wanted your whole life, Marshall, right? Ooh 
 Look at this house, look at these cars: they're so nice, woo! 
 Oh, but you didn't know fame has a price too? 
 That you just now seeing the downside to 
 Lose your best friend from high school, your wife too 
 Ain't even sure if your kids like you 
 Come off tour, can't even sleep at night without NyQuil 
 Become a Valium addict, start a rehab cycle 
 But together we can break the cycle 
 Marshall…" — What?! — "No one's gonna love you like I do." 
 *Chainsaw starting up* 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 My darling, I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling 
 You and me were meant to be together, my darling 
 And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling 
 ‘Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body 
 I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling 
 You and me were meant to be together, my darling 
 And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling 
 ‘Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body 
 (Sayin') I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling 
 You and me were meant to be together, my darling 
 And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling 
 ‘Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body (your body, your body, your body, your body)[Intro: Eminem] 
 Guess who? D'you miss me? 
 Jessica Simpson, sing the chorus! 
  
 [Chorus: Charmagne Tripp & Eminem] 
 When you walked through the door 
 It was clear to me (Clear to me) 
 You’re the one they adore 
 Who they came to see (Who they came to see) 
 You’re a rock star (Baby) 
 Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you) 
 Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?) 
 We’re the ones who made you 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Ahem, back by popular demand 
 Now pop a little Zantac for antacid if you can 
 You're ready to tackle any task that is at hand? 
 How does it feel? Is it fantastic? Is it grand? 
 Well, look at all the massive masses in the stands 
 "Shady, man, no, don't massacre the fans!" 
 Damn, I think Kim Kardashian's a man 
 She stomped him, just ‘cause he asked to put his hands 
 On her massive gluteus maximus again 
 Squeeze it, then squish it, then pass it to a friend 
 Can he come back as nasty as he can? 
 Yes, he can-can; don't ask me this again 
 He does not mean to lesbian offend 
 But Lindsay, please come back to seeing men 
 Samantha's a 2; you're practically a 10 
 I know you want me, girl, in fact, I see you grin 
 Now come in, girl! 
  
 [Chorus: Charmagne Tripp & Eminem] 
 When you walked through the door 
 It was clear to me (Clear to me) 
 You’re the one they adore 
 Who they came to see (Who they came to see) 
 You’re a rock star (Baby) 
 Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you) 
 Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?) 
 We’re the ones who made you 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 The enforcer, looking for more women to torture 
 Walk up to the cutest girl and charley-horse her 
 Sorry, Portia, but what's Ellen DeGeneres 
 Have that I don't? Are you telling me tenderness? 
 Well, I can be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman 
 Give me my Ventolin inhaler and two Xenadrine 
 And I'll invite Sarah Palin out to dinner, then 
 Nail her, baby, say hello to my little friend! 
 Brit, forget K-Fed, let's cut off the middleman 
 Forget him or you're gonna end up in the hospital again 
 And this time it won't be for the Ritalin binge 
 Forget them other men, girl, pay them little attention 
 And little did I mention that Jennifer's in 
 Love with me, John Mayer, so sit on the bench 
 Man, I swear them other guys, you give 'em an inch 
 They take a mile; they got style, but it isn't Slim 
  
 [Chorus: Charmagne Tripp & Eminem] 
 When you walked through the door 
 It was clear to me (Clear to me) 
 You’re the one they adore 
 Who they came to see (Who they came to see) 
 You’re a rock star (Baby) 
 Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you) 
 Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?) 
 We’re the ones who made you 
  
 [Bridge: Eminem] 
 And that's why, my love 
 You'll never live without 
 I know you want me, girl 
 'Cause I can see you checking me out 
 And baby, you know 
 You know you want me too 
 Don't try to deny it, baby 
 I'm the only one for you (*fart*) 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Damn, girl, I'm beginning to sprout an Alfalfa 
 Why should I wash my filthy mouth out? 
 You think that's bad, you should hear the rest of my album 
 Never has there been such finesse and nostalgia 
 Man, Cash, I don't mean to mess with your gal, but 
 Jessica Alba put her breasts on my mouth (Blup!) 
 Wowzers! I just made a mess in my trousers 
 And they wonder why I keep dressing like Elvis 
 "Lord, help us, he's back in his pink Alf shirt 
 Looking like someone shrinked his outfit!" 
 I think he's 'bout to flip, Jessica 
 Rest assured Superman's here to rescue ya 
 Can you blame me? You're my Amy, I'm your Blake 
 Matter of fact, bake me a birthday cake 
 With a saw blade in it to make my jailbreak 
 Baby, I think you just met your soulmate 
 Now break it down, girl 
  
 [Chorus: Charmagne Tripp & Eminem] 
 When you walked through the door 
 It was clear to me (Clear to me) 
 You’re the one they adore 
 Who they came to see (Who they came to see) 
 You’re a rock star (Baby) 
 Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you) 
 Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?) 
 We’re the ones who made you 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 So baby 
 Baby, get down, down, down 
 Baby, get down, down, down 
 Baby, get down, down, down 
 Baby, get down, get down 
 Baby, get down, down, down 
 Baby, get down, down, down 
 Baby, get down, down, down 
 Baby, get down, get down 
 Oh Amy! Rehab never looked so good! 
 I can't wait, I'm going back 
 Ha-ha, woo! 
 Dr. Dre! 2020! 
 Yeah![Intro] 
 It's alright, it's okay 
 I'm gonna make it anyway 
 Gonna make it, can't give up now 
 I'ma make it somehow 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Sometimes I just feel like quittin', I still might 
 Why do I put up this fight? Why do I still write? 
 Sometimes it's hard enough just dealin' with real life 
 Sometimes I wanna jump on stage and just kill mics 
 And show these people what my level of skill's like 
 But I'm still white, sometimes I just hate life 
 Somethin' ain't right, hit the brake lights 
 Case of the stage fright, drawin' a blank like 
 Da-duh-duh-da-da, it ain't my fault 
 Great big eyeballs, my insides crawl 
 And I clam up, (*wham*) I just slam shut 
 I just can't do it, my whole manhood's 
 Just been stripped, I have just been vicked 
 So I must then get off the bus, then split 
 Man, fuck this shit, yo, I'm goin' the fuck home 
 World on my shoulders as I run back to this 8 Mile Road 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'm a man, I'ma make a new plan 
 Time for me to just stand up and travel new land 
 Time for me to just take matters into my own hands 
 Once I'm over these tracks, man, I'ma never look back (8 Mile Road) 
 And I'm gone, I know right where I'm goin' 
 Sorry, Momma, I'm grown, I must travel alone 
 Ain't gon' follow no footsteps, I'm makin' my own 
 Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I'm walkin' these train tracks, tryna regain back 
 The spirit I had 'fore I go back to the same crap 
 To the same plant, in the same pants 
 Tryna chase rap, gotta move ASAP 
 And get a new plan, Momma's got a new man 
 Poor little baby sister, she don't understand 
 Sits in front of the TV, buries her nose in the pad 
 And just colors until the crayon gets dull in her hand 
 While she colors her big brother and mother and dad 
 Ain't no tellin' what really goes on in her little head 
 Wish I could be the daddy that neither one of us had 
 But I keep runnin' from somethin' I never wanted so bad 
 Sometimes I get upset, ‘cause I ain't blew up yet 
 It's like I grew up, but I ain't grow me two nuts yet 
 Don't gotta rep my step, don't got enough pep 
 The pressure's too much, man, I'm just tryna do what's best 
 And I try, sit alone and I cry 
 Yo, I won't tell no lie, not a moment goes by 
 That I don't pray to the sky, please, I'm beggin' you, God 
 Please don't let me be pigeonholed in no regular job 
 Yo, I hope you can hear me, homie, wherever you are 
 Yo, I'm tellin' you, dawg, I'm bailin' this trailer tomorrow 
 Tell my mother I love her, kiss baby sister goodbye 
 Say whenever you need me, baby, I'm never too far 
 But yo, I gotta get out there, the only way I know 
 And I'ma be back for you the second that I blow 
 On everything I own, I'll make it on my own 
 Off to work I go back to this 8 Mile Road 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'm a man, gotta make a new plan 
 Time for me to just stand up and travel new land 
 Time for me to just take matters into my own hands 
 Once I'm over these tracks, man, I'ma never look back (8 Mile Road) 
 And I'm gone, I know right where I'm goin' 
 Sorry, Momma, I'm grown, I must travel alone 
 Ain't gon' follow no footsteps, I'm makin' my own 
 Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 You gotta live it to feel it; you didn't, you wouldn't get it 
 Or see what the big deal is, why it was and it still is 
 To be walkin' this borderline of Detroit city limits 
 It's different, it's a certain significance, a certificate 
 Of authenticity, you'd never even see 
 But it's everything to me, it's my credibility 
 You never seen, heard, smelled or met a real MC 
 Who's incredible upon the same pedestal as me 
 But yet I'm still unsigned, havin' a rough time 
 Sit on the porch with all my friends and kick dumb rhymes 
 Go to work and serve MCs in the lunchline 
 But when it comes crunch time, where do my punchlines go? 
 Who must I show to bust my flow? 
 Where must I go? Who must I know? 
 Or am I just another crab in the bucket? 
 ‘Cause I ain't havin' no luck with this little rabbit's foot, fuck it 
 Maybe I need a new outlet, I'm startin' to doubt shit 
 I'm feelin' a little skeptical who I hang out with 
 I look like a bum, yo, my clothes ain't about shit 
 At the Salvation Army, tryna salvage an outfit 
 And it's cold, tryna travel this road 
 Plus I feel like I'm always stuck in this battlin' mode 
 My defenses are so up, but one thing I don't want 
 Is pity from no one, this city is no fun 
 There is no sun, and it's so dark 
 Sometimes I feel like I'm just bein' pulled apart 
 From each one of my limbs, by each one of my friends 
 It's enough to just make me wanna jump out of my skin 
 Sometimes I feel like a robot, sometimes I just know not 
 What I'm doin', I just blow, my head is a stove top 
 I just explode, the kettle gets so hot 
 Sometimes my mouth just overloads the ass that I don't got 
 But I've learned, it's time for me to U-turn 
 Yo, it only takes one time for me to get burned 
 Ain't no fallin', no, next time I meet a new girl 
 I can no longer play stupid or be immature 
 I got every ingredient, all I need is the courage 
 Like I already got the beat, all I need is the words 
 Got the urge, suddenly it's a surge 
 Suddenly a new burst of energy has occurred 
 Time to show these Free World leaders the three and a third 
 I am no longer scared now, I'm free as a bird 
 Then I turn and cross over the median curb 
 Hit the 'burbs and all you see is a blur from 8 Mile Road 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'm a man, gotta make a new plan 
 Time for me to just stand up and travel new land 
 Time for me to just take matters into my own hands 
 Once I'm over these tracks, man, I'ma never look back (8 Mile Road) 
 And I'm gone, I know right where I'm goin' 
 Sorry, Momma, I'm grown, I must travel alone 
 Ain't gon' follow no footsteps, I'm makin' my own 
 Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road[Intro] 
 (I never knew I) Mic check, one-two 
 (I never knew I) Who would've knew? 
 (I never knew I) Who would've known? 
 (I never knew I) Fuck would've thought? 
 (I never knew I) Motherfucker comes out 
 (I never knew I) And sells a couple of million records 
 (I never knew I) And these motherfuckers hit the ceiling 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I don't do black music, I don't do white music 
 I make fight music for high school kids 
 I put lives at risk when I drive like this 
 I put wives at risk with a knife like this 
 Shit, you probably think I'm in your tape deck now 
 I'm in the back seat of your truck with duct tape stretched out 
 Ducked the fuck way down, waitin' to straight jump out 
 Put it over your mouth, and grab you by the face — what now? 
 Oh, you want me to watch my mouth 
 How? Take my fuckin' eyeballs out and turn them around? 
 Look, I'll burn your fuckin' house down, circle around 
 And hit the hydrant, so you can't put your burnin' furniture out 
 I'm sorry, there must be a mix-up 
 You want me to fix up lyrics 
 While the President gets his dick sucked? 
 Fuck that! Take drugs, rape sluts 
 Make fun of gay clubs, men who wear make-up 
 Get aware, wake up, get a sense of humor 
 Quit tryin' to censor music: this is for your kid's amusement 
 But don't blame me when little Eric jumps off of the terrace 
 You shoulda been watchin' him, apparently you ain't parents 
  
 [Chorus] 
 ‘Cause I never knew I, knew I would get this big 
 I never knew I, knew I'd affect this kid 
 I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist 
 I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch 
 I never knew I, knew I would get this big 
 I never knew I, knew I'd affect this kid 
 I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist 
 I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 So who's bringin' the guns in this country? 
 I couldn't sneak a plastic pellet gun 
 Through customs over in London 
 And last week I seen this Schwarzenegger movie 
 Where he's shootin' all sorts of these motherfuckers with an Uzi 
 I see these three little kids up in the front row 
 Screaming "Go!" with their 17-year-old uncle 
 I'm like, guidance?! 
 Ain't they got the same moms and dads 
 Who got mad when I asked if they liked violence? 
 And told me that my tape taught 'em to swear? 
 What about the make-up 
 You allow your 12-year-old daughter to wear? 
 So tell me that your son doesn't know any cuss words 
 When his bus driver's screamin' at him, fuckin' him up worse 
 (Go sit the fuck down, you little fucking prick!) 
 And "fuck" was the first word I ever learned 
 Up in the third grade, flippin' the gym teacher the bird (Look!) 
 So read up 'bout how I used to get beat up 
 Peed on, be on free lunch 
 And changed school every three months 
 My life's like kind of what my wife's like (What?) 
 Fucked up after I beat her fuckin' ass every night: Ike 
 So how much easier would life be 
 If nineteen million motherfuckers grew to be just like me? 
  
 [Chorus] 
 ‘Cause I never knew I, knew I would get this big 
 I never knew I, knew I'd affect this kid 
 I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist 
 I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch 
 I never knew I, knew I would get this big 
 I never knew I, knew I'd affect this kid 
 I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist 
 I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I never knew I, knew I'd have a new house or a new car 
 A couple years ago I was more poorer than you are 
 I don't got that bad of a mouth, do I? 
 Fuck! Shit! Ass! Bitch! Cunt! Shooby-de-doo-wop! 
 Skibbedy-be-bop, a Christopher Reeve 
 Sonny Bono, skis, horses and hittin' some trees (Hey) 
 How many retards'll listen to me 
 And run up in the school shootin' when they're pissed at a tea 
 -cher? Her? Him? Is it you? Is it them? 
 "Wasn't me, Slim Shady said to do it again!" 
 Damn, how much damage can you do with a pen? 
 Man, I'm just as fucked up as you woulda been 
 If you woulda been in my shoes, who woulda thought 
 Slim Shady would be somethin' that you woulda bought? 
 That woulda made you get a gun and shoot at a cop 
 I just said it, I ain't know if you'd do it or not 
  
 [Chorus] 
 ‘Cause I never knew I, knew I would get this big 
 I never knew I, knew I'd affect this kid 
 I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist 
 I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch 
 I never knew I, knew I would get this big 
 I never knew I, knew I'd affect this kid 
 I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist 
 I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch 
  
 [Outro] 
 How the fuck was I supposed to know?[Intro] 
 "What is a nightmare? 
 The dictionary tells us it is a terrifying dream, a nightmare." 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I used to think I had bad luck, but I wasn't superstitious 
 'Til one day I grew suspicious 
 When I stepped on a crack on Aunt Edna's stoop 
 And got pooped on by a group of stupid pigeons 
 Then we flew the coop to Michigan to start anew, but ditchin' 
 Missouri for Michigan didn't work 
 So we moved back to Missouri from Michigan 
 From Missouri back to Michigan 
 Someone, put me out my misery, I can't do this again 
 Mom, please stick to a decision 
 Discipline, last thing I wanna do is listen 
 She's like Lex Luthor, bitchin’, her rules are Krypton-ite 
 So the walls, I done lost my power to see through them bitches 
 But I run into 'em, runnin' through the kitchen 
 Pretendin' to be blind Superman, 'cause I had no supervision 
 But I did have a super power though, I could turn into Invisible Kid 
 Disappear out of sight like a true magician 
 And one day Uncle Ronnie brought over this new but different 
 Music into the picture, and it became my new religion 
  
 [Interlude] 
 "I remember it clearly, even today." 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Move back to Michigan again, to live with my Grandma Nan 
 Always itchin' for somethin' to do, was flippin' 
 Through the radio stations one day 
 And discovered this DJ who was mixin' 
 I say it to this day, if you ain't listened to The Wizard 
 You ain't have a fuckin' clue what you was missin' 
 I'd zone out with my headphones 
 All I remember doing's wishin' for shoes 
 Fuck them stupid Pumas, bitch! 
 It's all about them new edition Troops 
 You get them LL Cool J coolin' system 
 Made that final manoeuvre to 8 Mile and Hoover 
 And somehow I saw my future is in this 
 That's how I knew my mission 
 Little boom box boomin', spittin' 
 Practicin' numerous writtens 
 When I'd sit in my room, envisionin' my dreams come to fruition 
 I remember Proof would visit 
 Couldn't wait to play him my new shit 
 He'd go cuckoo ballistic, go through the roof for his shit 
 It's like we knew the instant 
 We touched a mic that both of us two existed 
 To do this shit; never quit, too persistent 
  
 [Interlude] 
 "Carved an underground empire." 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Started a group of misfits, Proof had a proposition 
 If we all band together, there ain't no stoppin' this shit 
 Come up with aliases, bipolar opposites and 
 Be ready to come off the top as sharp precision 
 If you got dissed at the Shop, 'cause if they caught you slippin' 
 They'd take your spot if someone got to rippin' 
 You, and you forgot your written 
 Opportunity knocks once, it ain't knockin' again 
 It tried ding-dong ditchin' shit, I fuckin' got that bitch in 
 A headlock, cut off its oxygen, Slim 
 Is not budgin' like cocksuckin' cinder blocks in the wind 
 Now I got a pot to piss in 
 Spot in that top position, koppin' over the opposition 
 Lookin' like a dog that's pissin', leg up on the competition 
 Promisin' complete dominance, Sugar Ray Robinson 
 I'm in a league Muhammad's in 
 Ali's my colleague bombin' 'em 
 Probably end up on top of 'em 
 Stompin' 'em like Ndamukong 
 I'm Russian like a Ukrainian, LaDainian Tomlinson 
 Flow vomits in your face, competitors fall at my waist 
 You spit a rhyme, I spit in a rhyme's face 
 So name the time, place 
 To battle, bitch, I'm still in that mind state 
 Don't make me step on you and make you wine grapes 
 Cry babies, maybe my way that I use words 
 Is loose, but you turds better be careful how you choose yours 
 'Cause feelings scar but egos bruise worse 
 And the truth hurts – shit, no wonder you're sore losers! 
 Now where's your poo, birds? 
 Ooh, no more trippin' in bird shit 
 Songs of self-empowerment surgin' 
 Words of encouragement, but discouragin' 
 The rappers, the rap game's god 
 But the name's not James Todd, I'm just a wordsmith 
 So let these words lift 
 'Cause all I got is bars for you dumbbells 
 Since yours ain't workin' out, each verse is 
 More merciless than the first is 
 And you ain't got to wear no shoes and shirt in this bitch 
 To get served, bloodthirst revenge of the nerds, chka 
  
 [Interlude] 
 "That you'll not escape my vengeance." 
  
 [Verse 4] 
 And I'm the kid with them ears like Dumbo's gone 
 Word to Uncle Ron, I'm turnin' into a non-humble Don 
 You blonde dumb hoes, all I got is dick for you to come blow on 
 So start the show, but I need a drum roll 'fore I go on 
 Better back away from the front row, get launched 
 Show you I'm bigger than Dikembe Mutumbo 
 On the fuckin' Jumbotron 
 I'm a juggernaut, you do not wanna rumble, you bomboclaats 
 I'll leave you stretched out like a fuckin' yawn 
 So mow the fuckin' lawn, your asses are blades of grass 
 And I'm fuckin' up this whole landscape of rap 
 The G.O.A.T. just ate eight acres, an eighth of that 
 Was just to make a path 
 And take it straight to your favorite rapper 
 Oh, look, my notebook looks smoke-cooked 
 Like the flow stood a foot over the flame on the stove, soot 
 Charred debris floatin' like Oakwood 
 Was burnin', return of the no good and I won't quit 
  
 [Interlude] 
 "And the next thing I know 
 Something came crawling up from below 
 Something that made Godzilla look like a blamed..." 
  
 [Hook] 
 And I don't quit, won't change 
 It's like a Groundhog's Day 
 So crowd around, y'all, 'cause you may 
 See if I popped your head 
  
 [Bridge] 
 I'm a monster, mutt 
 I'ma turn into a monster 
 I'm a monster, mutt 
 With my dick in your mouth all day! 
  
 [Outro] 
 "I'm not so sure I want to know from whence it came 
 But the white flesh creature's trail is easily followed 
 There, before that shimmering veil of light, the ivory skin slug thing."[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Yo! I bust in, devilish grin, disgustin' 
 Asshole, freckled cheeks and a butt-chin 
 Callin' all party animals, get 
 On the floor when I pop up on some Whac-A-Mole shit 
 In search of a chick who's stacked and so thick 
 And implants are so big 
 She can hang me up on that rack, big ol' tits 
 Like Anna Nicole Smith 
 Body's bananas and sass to go with 
 I spot you at first glance and go "shit!" 
 You wearin' those pants that don't fit 
 That butt won't ever give up 
 That's why you stick it out no matter what, huh? 
 'Cause you got an ass that won't quit 
 So, get on the horn, my saxophone 
 Grab hold of my instrument, get a grasp, and blow "whee" 
 You just laugh and go heehee 
 'Cause you're just as nasty so that's appropriate 
 That's why— 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem / Joan Jett & the Blackhearts] 
 I love you, 'cause you remind me of me 
 That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (Yeah, me) 
 I said I love you, 'cause you remind me of me 
 That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me, nasty (Yeah, me) 
  
 [Interlude: Eminem] 
 You know, I'm wearin' a new shirt tonight too 
 With me on it 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I'm lookin' at your tight rear like a sightseer 
 Your booty is heavy duty like diarrhea 
 The plan's to bring you to my house 
 You're drinkin' Jack and Beam 
 I'm thinkin' soon this tramp'll lean so we should bounce 
 But you're outta your tube-top 
 If you're thinkin' that mi casa es su casa 
 Yeah, you're a cute fox 
 Perfect ten so back that up like a moonwalk 
 Girl, you're smokin' like Snoop Dogg 
 But you must be tokin' if you think you're takin' over my quarters 
 There goes the dime into the jukebox 
 Two shots of blue Hpnotiq and soon I'll 
 Turn this pool hall to a barroom brawl 
 So, Rick, scratch on the break like the cue ball 
 Turn the volume all the way up on your boombox 
 And excuse the locker room talk, I'm just too raw 
 But apparently, so are you, ma 
 'Cause you just kicked me in the balls and told me to screw off 
 And that's why— 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem / Joan Jett & the Blackhearts] 
 I love you, 'cause you remind me of me 
 That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (Yeah, me) 
 I said I love you, 'cause you remind me of me 
 That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me, nasty (Yeah, me) 
  
 [Bridge: Eminem & Joan Jett & The Blackhearts] 
 Said "Can I take you home, where we can be alone?" 
 Shorty, you the shit, girl, I ordered you to sit 
 I know you're probably feelin' me more than you admit 
 Pull up a chair, sweetie, let me order you a drink 
 I only go to meetings court-ordered from a shrink 
 So from the bottom to the top, floor to ceilin' 
 You ain't run of the mill, you're one in a million 
 'Cause real tits are still fun 
 But everybody knows fake tits are still better than real ones 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 So come and spend the night with the guy most are terrified of 
 But tonight, curiosity overrides ya 
 Beside ya fired up like a starter pistol 
 Crystal, let's slide hon, tonight I'm your pilot 
 'Cause you should be up in the sky, girl 
 You're so fucking fly, you belong in the mile high club 
 So come on, baby, the night's young 
 Don't string me along, I'm high-strung 
 We might wind up on mound like we're tryin' for the Cy Young 
 Fuckin' 'fore we get to the house 
 Screwin' our brains out like changing a lightbulb 
 That's why I like ya, 'cause I'm crazy just like ya 
 Now every time I get brain, you screw mine up 
 I barely can think straight, your head game is a mindfuck 
 So ready, set, aim and fire 
 Yes, babe, I’m fallin' in like, that's kinda, why I love 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem / Joan Jett & the Blackhearts] 
 I love you, 'cause you remind me of me 
 That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (Yeah me) 
 I said I love you, 'cause you remind me of me 
 That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me, nasty (Yeah, me)[Produced by Bass Brothers] 
  
 [Intro] 
 Ayo, this song is dedicated 
 To all the happy people 
 All the happy people who have real nice lives 
 And have no idea what it's like to be broke as fuck 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I feel like I'm walkin' a tight rope without a circus net 
 Poppin' Percocet, I'm a nervous wreck 
 I deserve respect but I work a sweat for this worthless check 
 I'm 'bout to burst this TEC at somebody to reverse this debt 
 Minimum wage got my adrenaline caged 
 Full of venom and rage, 'specially when I'm engaged 
 And my daughter's down to her last diaper, it's got my ass hyper 
 I pray that God answers, maybe I'll ask nicer 
 Watchin' ballers while they flossin' in they Pathfinders 
 These overnight stars becomin' autograph-signers 
 We all long to blow up and leave the past behind us 
 Along with the small fries and average half-pinters 
 But player-haters turnin' bitch like they have vaginas 
 'Cause we see them dollar signs and let the cash blind us 
 Money'll brainwash you and leave yo' ass mindless 
 Them snakes slither in the grass, spineless 
  
 [Chorus] 
 That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill 
 That's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal 
 That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here 
 'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear 
 That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill 
 That's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal 
 That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here 
 'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 My life is full of empty promises and broken dreams 
 I'm hopin' things look up, but there ain't no job openings 
 I feel discouraged, hungry and malnourished 
 Livin' in this house with no furnace, unfurnished 
 And I'm sick of workin' dead-end jobs with lame pay 
 And I'm tired of bein' hired and fired the same day 
 But fuck it, if you know the rules to the game, play 
 'Cause when we die, we know we all goin' the same way 
 'Cause it's cool to be the player, but it sucks to be the fan 
 When all you need is bucks to be the man, plus a luxury sedan 
 Or comfortable and roomy in a 6 
 But they threw me in the mix with all these gloomy lunatics 
 Who walk around depressed, and smoke a pound of cess a day 
 And yesterday went by so quick, it seems like it was just today 
 My daughter wants to throw the ball, but I'm too stressed to play 
 Live half my life and throw the rest away 
  
 [Chorus] 
 That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill 
 That's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal 
 That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here 
 'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear 
 That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill 
 That's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal 
 That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here 
 'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 There's people that love me and people that hate me (Yup) 
 But it's the evil that made me 
 This backstabbin', deceitful and shady (Mhm) 
 I want the money, the women, the fortune and fame 
 That means I end up burnin' in Hell, scorchin' in flame 
 That means I'm stealin' your checkbook and forgin' your name 
 This lifetime bliss for eternal torture and pain 
 'Cause right now, I feel like I've just hit the rock bottom 
 I've got problems, now everybody on my block's got 'em (Duh) 
 I'm screamin' like them two cops when 2Pac shot 'em 
 Holdin' two Glocks, hope your doors got new locks on 'em 
 My daughter's feet ain't got no shoes or socks on 'em 
 And them rings you wearin' look like they got a few rocks on 'em 
 And while you flaunt 'em 
 I could be takin' 'em to shops to pawn 'em 
 I got a couple of rings and a brand-new watch, you want 'em? 
 'Cause I ain't never went gold off one song 
 I'm runnin' up on someone's lawn with guns drawn 
  
 [Chorus] 
 That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill 
 That's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal 
 That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here 
 'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear 
 That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill 
 That's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal 
 That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here 
 'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear 
 That's rock bottom[Produced by Dr. Dre] 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I was born with a dick in my brain, yeah, fucked in the head 
 My stepfather said that I sucked in the bed 
 'Til one night he snuck in and said 
 "We're going out back, I want my dick sucked in the shed" 
 Can't we just play with Teddy Ruxpin instead? 
 "After I fuck you in the butt, get some head 
 Bust a nut, get some rest," the next day my mother said 
 "I don't know what the fuck's up with this kid 
 The bastard won't even eat nothing he's fed 
 He just hung himself in the bedroom, he's dead" 
 "Debbie, don't let that fucker get you upset 
 Go in there, stick a fuckin' cigarette to his neck 
 I'll bet you he's fakin' it, I'll bet you, I bet 
 He probably just wants to see how upset you would get 
 I'll go handle this, of course unless you object" 
 "Aw, go fuck his brains out if any's left in his head" 
  
 [Chorus] 
 If you could count the skeletons in my closet 
 Under my bed and up under my faucet 
 Then you would know I've completely lost it 
 Is he nuts? No, he's insane 
 If you could count the skeletons in my closet 
 Under my bed and up under my faucet 
 Then you would know I've completely lost it 
 Is he nuts? No, he's insane 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 "Did you get him?" Naw, fucker tried to bite my face off 
 I just got fuckin' chased off with a chainsaw 
 Then he took the chainsaw, bit the fuckin' blades off 
 Ate the blades, stuck a baseball in a slingshot 
 Then he aimed at his own face, let the thing pop 
 Took his eye out, picked it up and played ping pong 
 Then he played ping pong with his own ding-dong 
 That motherfucker's got nuts like King Kong 
 Then he set the lawnmower out on the dang lawn 
 And he laid all up underneath it with the thing on 
 Then he took his pants, he took every fuckin' thing off 
 Everything except his tank top and his training bra 
 Ain't he raw? Yeah, maniac, that's Shady, dawg 
 Man that motherfucker's gangsta, ain't he dawg? 
 Shady, dawg, what be goin' through that fuckin' brain of yours? 
 Say no more, what the fuck you waitin' for? Sing along 
  
 [Chorus] 
 If you could count the skeletons in my closet 
 Under my bed and up under my faucet 
 Then you would know I've completely lost it 
 Is he nuts? No, he's insane 
 If you could count the skeletons in my closet 
 Under my bed and up under my faucet 
 Then you would know I've completely lost it 
 Is he nuts? No, he's insane 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Don't you know what felch means? ("Yeah") Well then, tell me 
 Would you rather get felched or do the felching? 
 Fuck 'em in the ass, suck the cum out while you're belching 
 Burp, belch, and go back for a second helping 
 Can you dig what I'm saying, man? Can you smell me? 
 I want you to feel me like my stepfather felt me (Oh...) 
 Fuck a little puppy, kick the puppy while he's yelping 
 "Shady, what the fuck you saying?" I don't know, help me! 
 What the fuck's happening? I think I'm fuckin' melting 
 "Marshall, I just love you, boy, I care about your well-being" 
 No, Dad, I said no — I don't need no help peeing 
 I'm a big boy, I can do it by myself, see? 
 I only get naked when the babysitter tells me 
 She showed me a movie like Nightmare on Elm Street 
 But it was X and they called it "Pubic Hair on Chelsea" 
 "Well, this is called 'Ass Rape' and we're shooting the jail scene" 
  
 [Chorus] 
 If you could count the skeletons in my closet 
 Under my bed and up under my faucet 
 Then you would know I've completely lost it 
 Is he nuts? No, he's insane 
 If you could count the skeletons in my closet 
 Under my bed and up under my faucet 
 Then you would know I've completely lost it 
 Is he nuts? No, he's insane[Intro: The Cranberries] 
 What's in your head, in your head 
 Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie 
 What's in your head, in your head 
 Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie, oh 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I'm packin' up my shit, as much shit in the car as I can fit 
 And I'm just drivin' as far as I can get 
 Away from these problems 'til all of my sorrows I forget 
 What's tomorrow like? 'Cause tonight I'm startin' life again 
 Get to the corner and stop, fuck am I goin'? 
 Besides psycho when I fantasize startin' my whole life over 
 Yeah right, oh and I might go and 
 Get hypnotized so I don't even recognize no one 
 I try to look alive but there's nothin' like holdin' 
 Your head up high when you're dead inside and I just hide, so in 
 Case you're wonderin' why are my insides showin' 
 'Cause I done spilled all my guts and those are mine, so I'm 
 Pickin' 'em up and stuffin' 'em back 
 Fuck it, I've done enough in this rap shit 
 Recovery brought me nothin' but back 
 To right where I was and perhaps 
 This coulda been my victory lap, if I wasn't on the verge of relapse 
  
 [Chorus: The Cranberries] 
 What's in your head, in your head 
 Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie 
 What's in your head, in your head 
 Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie, oh 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 It seems to be the reoccurring main theme 
 The shit I would daydream as a kid, I was eighteen 
 I went from an irate teenager to still raging 
 As an adult, amazing: back then I put anything 
 Into the rhyme, whether it was sad, mad, happy or angry 
 I spit it, the mainstream, I hit it 
 Yay me, I did it! …Did what? 
 Hailie, baby, I didn't mean to make you eighty 
 Percent of what I rapped about 
 Maybe I shoulda did a better job at separating 
 Shady and entertaining from real life 
 But this fame thing is still the hardest thing to explain 
 It's the craziest shit I 
 Ever seen, and back then it was like I ain't even 
 Bothered taking into consideration 
 You one day being older and may hear me say things 
 I didn’t (A) mean and (B) just ain’t me 
 Okay, so ladies and gentlemen 
 Let's strip away everything and see the main reason that I 
 Feel like a lame piece of shit, I sound cranky and bitter 
 Complain, beef and bicker 'bout the same things 
 'Cause when I look at me, I don't see what they see 
 I feel ashamed, greedy 
 And lately I've been contemplating 
 Escaping to get away and go wherever this road takes me 
 It's making me crazy, what's in my— 
  
 [Chorus: The Cranberries] 
 What's in your head, in your head 
 Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie 
 What's in your head, in your head 
 Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie, oh[Intro] 
 There is no escaping (Yo) 
 There's no place to hide (Ayo) 
 You scream, "Someone save me!" (Yo) 
 But they don't pay no mind (Ayo) 
 Goodnight, goodbye! 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 You're walkin' down a horror corridor 
 It's almost four in the mornin' and you're in a 
 Nightmare, it's horrible, right there's the coroner 
 Waiting for ya to turn the corner so he can corner ya 
 You're a goner, he's onto ya 
 Out the corner of his cornea, he just saw ya run 
 All you want is to rest 'cause you can't run anymore, you're done 
 All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience 
 While everybody is watching in the party, applauding it 
 Here I sit, while I'm caught up in deep thought again 
 Contemplating my next plot again 
 Swallowin' a Klonopin while I'm noddin' in and out on the ottoman 
 At the Ramada Inn, holding onto the pill bottle, then 
 Lick my finger and swirl it 'round the bottom 
 And make sure I got all of it 
 Wake up naked at McDonald's with 
 Blood all over me, dead bodies behind the counter, shit 
 Guess I must've just blacked out again—not again! 
  
 [Hook] 
 It's 3 a.m. in the mornin' 
 Put my key in the door and 
 Bodies layin' all over the floor and 
 I don't remember how they got there 
 But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em 
 I said, it's 3 a.m. in the mornin' 
 Put my key in the door and 
 Bodies layin' all over the floor and 
 I don't remember how they got there 
 But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Sitting nude in my living room, it's almost noon 
 I wonder what's on the tube, maybe they'll show some boobs 
 Surfing every channel until I find Hannah Montana then 
 I reach for the aloe and lanolin, bust all over the wall panellin' 
 Dismantlin' every candle on top of the fireplace mantel and 
 Grab my flannel and my bandana, then 
 Kiss the naked mannequin man again 
 You can see him standin' in my front window if you look in 
 I'm just a hooligan who's used to using hallucinogens 
 Causin' illusions again, brain contusions again 
 Cutting and bruising the skin, razors, scissors, and pins 
 Jesus, when does it end? Phases that I go through 
 Dazed and I'm so confused 
 Days that I don't know who gave these molecules to 
 Me, what am I gon' do? 
 Hey, the prodigal son, the diabolical one 
 Very methodical when I slaughter them 
  
 [Hook] 
 It's 3 a.m. in the mornin' 
 Put my key in the door and 
 Bodies layin' all over the floor and 
 I don't remember how they got there 
 But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em 
 I said, it's 3 a.m. in the mornin' 
 Put my key in the door and 
 Bodies layin' all over the floor and 
 I don't remember how they got there 
 But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em 
  
 [Bridge] 
 She puts the lotion in the bucket 
 It puts the lotion on the skin 
 Or else it gets the hose again 
 She puts the lotion in the bucket 
 It puts the lotion on the skin 
 Or else it gets the hose again 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I cut and I slash, slice and gash, last night was a blast 
 I can't quite remember when I had that 
 Much fun off a half-pint of the Jack, my last Vic and-a-half 
 A flashlight up Kim Kardashian's ass 
 I remember the first time I dismembered a family member 
 December, I think it was, I was having drinks with my cousin 
 I wrapped him in Christmas lights 
 Pushed him into the stinkin' tub, cut him up into pieces 
 And just when I went to drink his blood 
 I thought, "I oughta drink his bathwater, that oughta be fun" 
 That's when my days of serial murder manslaughter begun 
 The sight of blood excites me, that might be an artery, son 
 Your blood-curdling screams just don't seem to bother me none 
 It's 3 a.m. and here I come, so you should probably run 
 A secret passageway around here, man, there's got to be one 
 Oh no, there's probably none 
 He can scream all that he wants, top of his lungs 
 But ain't no stopping me from chopping him up-up, 'cause… 
  
 [Hook] 
 It's 3 a.m. in the mornin' 
 Put my key in the door and 
 Bodies layin' all over the floor and 
 I don't remember how they got there 
 But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em 
 I said, it's 3 a.m. in the mornin' 
 Put my key in the door and 
 Bodies layin' all over the floor and 
 I don't remember how they got there 
 But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em 
  
 [Outro] 
 Yo, yo, ayo (Evil… rise) 
 Yo, yo, ayo (Evil… rise) 
 Yo, yo, ayo (Evil… rise) 
 Yo, yo, ayo (Evil… rise) 
 (Evil… rise) 
 (Evil… rise)[Produced by Bass Brothers] 
  
 [Intro] 
 A lot of people ask me, am I afraid of death? 
 Hell yeah, I'm afraid of death 
 I don't want to die yet 
 A lot of people think that I worship the Devil 
 That I do all types of retarded shit 
 Look, I can't change the way I think 
 And I can't change the way I am 
 But if I offended you, good 
 'Cause I still don't give a fuck 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I'm zonin' off of one joint, stoppin' the limo 
 Hopped in the window, shoppin' a demo at gunpoint 
 A lyricist without a clue, what year is this? 
 Fuck a needle, here's a sword, body pierce with this 
 Livin' amuck, never givin' a fuck 
 Give me the keys, I'm drunk, and I've never driven a truck 
 But I smoke dope in the cab 
 I'll stab you with the sharpest knife I can grab 
 Come back the next week and re-open your scab (Yeah) 
 A killer instinct runs in the blood 
 Emptyin' full clips and buryin' guns in the mud 
 I've calmed down now, I was heavy once into drugs 
 I could walk around straight for two months with a buzz 
 My brain's gone, my soul's worn, my spirit is torn 
 The rest of my body's still bein' operated on 
 I'm ducked the fuck down while I'm writin' this rhyme 
 'Cause I'm probably gonna get struck with lightnin' this time 
  
 [Chorus] 
 For all the weed that I've smoked, yo, this blunt's for you 
 To all the people I've offended, yeah, fuck you too 
 To all the friends I used to have, I miss my past 
 But the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass 
 For all the drugs that I've done, yo, I'm still gon' do 
 To all the people I've offended, yeah, fuck you too 
 For every time I reminisce, yo, I miss my past 
 But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can kiss my ass 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I walked into a gunfight with a knife to kill you 
 And cut you so fast, when your blood spilled, it was still blue 
 I'll hang you 'til you dangle, and chain you with both ankles 
 And pull you apart from both angles 
 I wanna crush your skull 'til your brains leak out of your veins 
 And bust open like broken water mains 
 So tell Saddam not to bother with makin' another bomb 
 'Cause I'm crushin' the whole world in my palm 
 Got your girl on my arm, and I'm armed with a firearm 
 So big my entire arm is a giant firebomb 
 Buy your mom a shirt with a Slim Shady iron-on 
 And the pants to match ("Here, Momma, try 'em on") 
 I get imaginative with a mouth full of adjectives 
 A brain full of adverbs, and a box full of laxatives 
 (Shittin' on rappers) Causing hospital accidents 
 God help me, before I commit some irresponsible acts again 
  
 [Chorus] 
 For all the weed that I've smoked, yo, this blunt's for you 
 To all the people I've offended, yeah, fuck you too 
 For all the friends I used to have, I miss my past 
 But the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass 
 For all the drugs that I've done, yo, I'm still gon' do 
 To all the people I've offended, yeah, fuck you too 
 For every time I reminisce, yo, I miss my past 
 But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can kiss my ass 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I wanted an album so rugged nobody could touch it 
 Spent a million a track and went over my budget (Oh shit) 
 Now, how in the fuck am I supposed to get out of debt? 
 I can't rap anymore, I just murdered the alphabet 
 Drug sickness got me doin' some bugged twitches 
 I'm withdrawin' from crack so bad my blood itches 
 I don't rap to get the women, fuck bitches 
 Give me a fat slut that cooks and does dishes 
 Never ran with a clique, I'm a posse 
 Kamikaze, strappin' a motherfuckin' bomb across me 
 From the second I was born, my momma lost me 
 I'm a cross between Manson, Esham and Ozzy 
 I don't know why the fuck I'm here in the first place 
 My worst day on this Earth was my first birthday 
 Retarded? What did that nurse say? 
 Brain damage? Fuck, I was born durin' an earthquake 
  
 [Chorus] 
 For all the weed that I've smoked, yo, this blunt's for you 
 To all the people I've offended, yeah, fuck you too 
 To all the friends I used to have, yo, I miss my past 
 But the rest of you assholes can kiss my ass 
 For all the drugs that I've done, yo, I'm still gon' do 
 To all the people I've offended, yeah, fuck you too 
 For every time I reminisce, I miss my past 
 But I still don't give a fuck, y'all can kiss my ass*Television static* 
 *Eminem begins to snort cocaine* 
  
 [Speech: Steve King & Hailie Jade] 
 Hello, boys and girls! Today we're gonna talk about father and daughter relationships. Do you have a daddy? I'll bet you do! 
 *Hailie opens the door* 
 *Eminem snorts cocaine* 
 Who's your daddy? 
 Daddy, what are you doing? 
  
 [Intro: Eminem & Hailie Jade] 
 Ha-ha! 
 Okay then! Everybody, listen up! 
 I'm goin' to hell! Who's comin' with me? 
 Somebody, please help him! 
 I think my dad's gone crazy! 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem, Hailie Jade & Dr. Dre] 
 There's no mountain I can't climb 
 There's no tower too high, no plane that I can't learn how to fly 
 What do I gotta do to get through to you 
 To show you there ain't nothin' I can't take this chainsaw to? 
 (Rahhnnn!) Fuckin' brains, brawn and brass balls 
 I cut 'em off and got 'em pickled and bronzed in a glass jar 
 Inside of a hall, with my framed autographed sunglasses 
 With Elton John's name on my drag wall 
 I'm out the closet, I've been lyin' my ass off 
 All this time, me and Dre been fuckin' with hats off 
 (Suck it, Marshall!) So tell Laura and her husband to back off 
 'Fore I push this motherfuckin' button and blast off 
 And launch one of these Russians, and that's all 
 Blow every fuckin' thing except Afghanistan on the map off 
 When will it stop? When will I knock the crap off? 
 (*Knocking*) Hailie, tell 'em, baby! (My dad's lost it!) 
  
 [Hook: Eminem & Hailie Jade] 
 There's really nothin' else to say, I, I can't explain it 
 I think my dad's gone crazy! 
 A little help from Hailie Jade, won't you tell 'em, maybe? 
 I think my dad's gone crazy! 
 There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me 
 I think my dad's gone crazy! 
 There's no one on Earth that can save me, not even Hailie 
 I think my dad's gone crazy! (Crazy) 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem & Hailie Jade] 
 It's like my mother always told me: 
 "Rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana and codeine and 
 Goddamn it, you little motherfucker 
 If you ain't got nothin' nice to say, then don't say nothin'!" 
 Uh… Fuck that shit, bitch! 
 Eat a motherfuckin' dick, chew on a prick 
 And lick a million motherfuckin' cocks per second 
 I'd rather put out a motherfuckin' gospel record 
 I'd rather be a pussy-whipped bitch 
 Eat pussy and have pussy lips glued to my face 
 With a clit ring in my nose, than quit bringin' my flows 
 Quit givin' me my ammo; can't you see why I'm so mean? 
 If y'all leave me alone this wouldn't be my M.O. 
 I wouldn't have to go eenee-meenee-meini-mo 
 Catch a homo by his toe, man, I don't know no more 
 Am I the only fuckin' one who's normal anymore? (Dad!) 
  
 [Hook: Eminem & Hailie Jade] 
 There's really nothin' else to say, I, I can't explain it 
 I think my dad's gone crazy! 
 A little help from Hailie Jade, won't you tell 'em, maybe? 
 I think my dad's gone crazy! 
 There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me 
 I think my dad's gone crazy! 
 There's no one on Earth that can save me, not even Hailie 
 I think my dad's gone crazy! (Crazy) 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 My songs can make you cry, take you by surprise 
 At the same time, can make you dry your eyes 
 With the same rhyme, see, what you're seein' 
 Is a genius at work, which to me isn't work 
 So it's easy to misinterpret it at first, ‘cause when I speak 
 It's tongue-in-cheek, I'd yank my fuckin' teeth 
 Before I'd ever bite my tongue, I'd slice my gums 
 Get struck by fuckin' lightning twice at once 
 And die and come back as Vanilla Ice's son 
 And walk around the rest of my life spit on 
 And kicked and hit with shit every time I sung 
 Like R. Kelly as soon as "Bump and Grind" comes on 
 More pain inside of my brain, than the eyes of a little girl 
 Inside of a plane aimed at the World Trade 
 Standin' on Ronnie's grave, screamin' at the sky 
 'Til clouds gather; it's Clyde Mathers and Bonnie Jade 
 And that's pretty much the gist of it 
 Parents are pissed, but the kids love it 
 9 millimeter heaters stashed in two-seaters with meat cleavers 
 I don't blame you, I wouldn't let Hailie listen to me neither 
  
 [Hook: Eminem & Hailie Jade] 
 There's really nothin' else to say, I, I can't explain it 
 I think my dad's gone crazy! 
 A little help from Hailie Jade, won't you tell 'em, maybe? 
 I think my dad's gone crazy! 
 There's nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me 
 I think my dad's gone crazy! 
 There's no one on Earth that can save me, not even Hailie 
 I think my dad's gone crazy! (Crazy) 
  
 [Outro: Eminem & Hailie Jade] 
 Crazy 
 Ha-ha-ha-ha ha-ha-ha-ha 
 You're funny, Daddy![Eminem] 
 Yo blast me off, Tim, blast me off, son 
 Blastin' off right now son 
  
 PART ONE 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I wasn't born mean, I was pushed to treachery 
 I walk the streets looking for some puss to fetch me 
 I'm like a veggie, brain is turned to mush, I'm edgy 
 Edgy enough to give Reggie Bush a wedgie 
 If he don't gimme Kim, things could get messy 
 So pass that ass to me let me squish the left cheek 
 And press against the right one till it's smushed against me 
 And leave a dead body in the woods, the MC 
 With the Christopher Reeve beef 
 We started out on the wrong foot 
 Or should I say fake leg made outta wood 
 I shouldn't, yes I should 
 Riding through the hood, I'm chillin' with Westwood 
 I'm quite mellow, a white fellow 
 My pee is bright yellow, I like Jell-O 
 I'm like hello to a cute little dyke on the mic 
 I'm kinda like Iron Mike 'cause I bite earlobes 
  
 [Verse 2: Mr. Porter] 
 See I'm the first one to class and the last to leave 
 I mean the first one to leave outta class, believe 
 That I'm a mailbox pimp in my heart till I die 
 Even after I’m all gone and my ashes fried 
 Went from an ashy guy class clown as high 
 To a grown ass man stacking motherfucking pa-per 
 Runyon Ave.'s the clique , D12's the game 
 We've been spitting this (shit) 
 Since we were little bébés 
 Gaga goo goo nana, nadi do do never 
 Word to my homie Em, I'm just too too clever 
 A 4-5 shot and leave a nigga's face  lop-sided 
 The kick from the barrel make you think I'm cock-eyed it 
 When I bust it out off in the crowd, niggas start diving 
 Greg Louganis went over the bar I ain't lying 
 Hot Iron lethals not defying a soldier 
 Runyon Ave. soldier equals death when it's over 
 It's none colder than (a nigga) understand the struggle 
 Apply the street-muscle we've been had to hustle 
 We've been had to hustle, we've been had to muscle 
 Apply the street hustle, we've been had to hustle 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Aight, aight 
 Me and Westwood blastin' off, jackin' off 
 In a pair of acid washed bumpin' Asher Roth 
 Cruisin Gratiot til I damn near crash the car 
 Tryna smash 'em off in the dash, hit the overpass, went off 
 Over the bridge into oncoming traffic 
 Caused a massive forty-two car pile-up, not a scratch at all 
 Hopped up holding an axe and saw 
 Jason mask is off when my face is plastered in tabasco sauce 
 Spitting flames, kickin' fire out your ass you little bastard 
 You can pass it on, I'm battery acid dog 
 You don't wanna get my ass ticked off 
 I'm harder than playing basketball when I'm going through crack withdrawal 
 Dick so big it's like elastic 
 I tie it in a knot and it looks like Mr. Fantastic 
 Crossed the path of Plastic Man with a drastic force 
 And went spastic, put my penis on classic sports 
  
 PART TWO 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Once again it's the sinister, cynical, minister Shady 
 Kryptonite to Superman, he's a dentist to Amy 
 Administer of the pain, just finished, huffing the paint 
 And muffled the fumes like it was nothing because it ain't 
 Anything in his way, his enemies he just slays 
 His venom he spray, reaches like beams of energy rays 
 Menacing stares, he glares making the hairs 
 All on the back of your neck stand 
 Like Dracula yep 
 Spectacular rep, he's a tarantula, gargantuan 
 Yah, Angela so I command you to start dancing 
 Part Manson, part Hannibal, part mechanical shark 
 Throwing animal parts at Scarlett Johansson 
 Enter my gas chamber, ya gangsta, my ass 
 He's got his fangs to your neck, he's set to strangle ya ass, hater 
 You're facing a task greater, he's chasing your ass 
 He's got his face in a mask, your blood stains on his glass table 
  
 [Verse 2: Mr. Porter] 
 I'm so obnoxious, open hand slap nigga, you with me? 
 See, you couldn't [?] like Cuba [?] 
 I swan dive in your bitch pussy, I call her puddin' 
 She love [?], I love the bitch cooking 
 Scrap that, you niggas weak like Chuck Nevitt 
 I fuck bucket [?] Jesus swing reckless 
 Entrepo-po head honcho, hope you're ready 'fore I pop his ass 
 Nigga, kickin' through your door 
 You send goons to do your work 
 I send goons to mommas in church 
 I've been a problem since birth 
 Got a middle finger up her skirt 
 I don't ask a bitch on a date, I ask her can I fuck her first 
 See y'all with this Runyon shit 
 I made something out of nothing, I'm a hustler bitch 
 I keep a nine tucked burner beside of my hip 
 Gotta make a hit for any nigga for fifty thousand chips, bitch 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 I'm checking the exposure, a full dose of me exposing 
 Myself locked inside of a cozy hotel posing 
 With or without clothing, next to the decomposing 
 Bodies eroding while I'm dozing off overdosing 
 Windows opening-shutting, doors opening-closing 
 I think there's a ghost, too much hydrocodone and Codeine 
 I was only supposed to swallow a half, I took the whole thing 
 I'm not joking, I think I just snorted my nose ring 
 I need a drink, I'm standing over the sink frozen 
 Myself, self-loathing, 'cause I'm on a brink, mostly 
 I don't wanna think this will make everything rosey 
 Beverly sings, scream while I'm severing three toesies 
 Totally frozen while I close in, I'm yodelling 
 Rosey, won't you come out to play 
 Ain’t no sense, wasting time, cutting and pasting headlines 
 In the papers making shrines of my crimes and capers 
 My words are whirlwinds, I murder my girlfriends 
 Go to Europe and put neurofens in my syrup and stirred 'em 
 You never heard him like this, so don't encourage him 
 The neurosurgeon, coke mirrors, and lyrics worse than 
 The kinda person to get Katie Couric to cursin' 
 Eighty spirits of ladies 'cause Shady murdered the virgins 
 Crazy turn of events and then he emerged 
 Took over the world and reeled in all the children 
 Lured 'em into the building and killed 'em 
 Buried 'em in the mulch and mildew and he will 
 Do what he feels and still can spin 
 Straw into gold like Rumpelstiltskin 
 Cotton to silk, Motrin to Tylenol - three pills, the Real Slim 
 Shady's entered the building 
 There's nothing but crumbled leaves and 
 Tumbleweeds up in this bitch, Mildrid 
 He's ill wit it, he still shouldn't be healed 
 There's no one as sick as he, MC's 
 Will get fricasseed on the grill then 
  
 PART THREE 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 You wanna start with the hook first 
 You wanna start with the...oh 
 I have no idea what I'm doing, I have no idea what I'm doing, but 
 Everybody get up, sit up Christopher 
 They're miserable without you, Superman is a- 
 Live and he's flowin' like the Mystic River 
 Girl, don't act like you've never been kissed before 
 One, two, three, four, five, six, this uh 
 Rhyme is about to hit you right in the kisser 
 How did anybody ever find me? I disa- 
 -ppeared, I was hiding in Freeway's beard, just a 
 Hop, skip and a jump from my skin gushing 
 Nails into my face that I been pushing 
 Hellraiser, my face is my pin cushion 
 It's like when I'm on the mic I can squish a 
 Sucker like a vice grip, my pen put you 
 In the slaughterhouse 'cause your style's been butchered 
 I'll spin chainsaw, take off like the blades on, my brains on 
 Hyperdrive, someone put the brakes on 
  
 [Hook: Eminem and Mr. Porter] 
 Here's a smidgen, a midget to get your digits Bridget 
 Don't try to fidget with it, ribbit ribbit 
 I got you slipping on my swag juice, my swag juice 
 I got you slipping on my swag juice, my swag juice 
 Now here's a smidgen, a midget to get your digits Bridget 
 Don't try to fidget with it, ribbit ribbit 
 I got you slipping on my swag juice, my swag juice 
  
 [Verse 2: Mr. Porter] 
 I got it figured out now nigga, see 
 My mind's right, money right 
 Can't nobody stoppin' how I get it 
 In hindsight I never shoulda left where  I was livin' 
 I probably wouldn't be getting pressed by all these women 
 But then again I wouldn't 'a met the ones that I was diggin' 
 So now I like to look and talk a lot like 
 She like Lil Kim and Kim and Serena Williams 
 Just like my [ ] I'm a regular Charles Dickens 
 Bitch call me talking about she pregnant 
 She crazy so I [ ] that ho and left baby 
 I won't never trust her no shit 
 Even if she specialize in mouth massaging my testicles 
 I never trust her, a ho, I, even on the first date 
 She's basically getting her mouth raped 
 Then turn around and ask me for a kiss 
 "No bitch I'm straight" 
 I've never really been concerned with how my own dick taste 
  
 I think I'm about slip on my swag juice, swag juice 
 I think I'm about to slip on your swag juice 
  
 [Eminem] 
  
 Oh no! Don't slip on your swag juice! 
  
 [Mr. Porter] 
  
 Yeah, yeah, I think I'm 'bout to slip on my swag juice! 
  
 [Hook: Eminem and Mr. Porter] 
 So here's a smidge and a midget to get your digits, Bridget 
 Don't try to figit with it, ribbit ribbit 
 I got you slipping on my swag juice, my swag juice 
 I got you slipping on my swag juice.  Aright 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Slim is in the house, simmer down there sister 
 Bound to get you dizzy 'cause he gets as busy as a 
 Bee baby you could throw a Frisbee in a blizzard 
 He'll catch it in his teeth, what is he, he's a wizard 
 Standing in the disco with a disco biscuit 
 And I'm pretty sure it isn't Bisquick, is it 
 Now baby don't forget to bring your lipstick witcha 
 I want the kiss before I blow this bitch to smitha- 
 Reens, get the guillotines, this is a situ- 
 Ation that's critical as Dre spins his, uh 
 Turn tables and he cuts the record like a scissor 
 Checka-chicky-checka-chicky-checka-checka-chicka 
 We'll wreck it in a second tell me what the heck is sicker 
 Wait a minute I just dropped my necklace in the liquor 
 Now baby just to make a little breakfast and it's six o- 
 Clock in the morning unless you want to get some dessert 
  
 [Hook: Eminem and Mr. Porter] 
 Here's a smidge and a midget to get your Bridgets, digit 
 Don't try to fidget with it, ribbit ribbit 
 I got you slipping on my swag juice, my swag juice 
 I got you slipping on my swag juice, my swag juice 
 I said, here's a smidge and a midget to get your digits, Bridget 
 Don't try to fidget with it, ribbit ribbit 
 I got you slipping on my swag juice, my swag juice 
 I got you slipping on my swag, my swag juice 
  
 [Epilogue: Eminem] 
 Ayo, just so everybody knows, that was a hook we made on the way to the radio station and we were trying to get it right; 
 So we may have fucked it up a couple times or whatever; 
 But, this is what we were trying to like work out before we came here. Especially for Westwood, man! ESPECIALLY for you homie![Intro] 
 I'm a soldier 
 I'm a soldier (la-de-dah-dah, dah-dah, dah-dah) 
 I'm a soldier 
 I'm a soldier 
 Yo... 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Never was a thug, just infatuated with guns 
 Never was a gangsta 'til I graduated to one 
 And got the rep of a villain for weapon concealing 
 Took the image of a thug, kept shit appealing 
 Willing to stick out my neck for respect 
 If it meant life or death, never live to regret what I said 
 When you're me, people just wanna see if it's true 
 If it's you—what you say in your rap's what you do 
 So they feel it's part of your obligation to fulfill 
 When they see you on the streets, face to face, are you for real? 
 In confrontation, ain't no conversation, if you feel 
 You're in violation, any hesitation'll get you killed 
 If you feel it, kill it; if you conceal it, reveal it 
 Being reasonable'll leave you full of bullets 
 Pull it, squeeze it 'til it's empty; tempt me, push me, pussies 
 I need a good reason to give this trigger a good squeeze 
  
 [Hook] 
 (I'm a soldier) These shoulders hold up so much 
 They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up 
 (I'm a soldier) Even if my collarbones crush or crumble 
 I will never slip or stumble 
 (I'm a soldier) These shoulders hold up so much 
 They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up 
 (I'm a soldier) Even if my collarbones crush or crumble 
 I will never stumble 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I love pissing you off, it gets me off 
 Like my lawyers when the fucking judge lets me off 
 All you motherfuckers gotta do is set me off 
 I'll violate and all the motherfucking bets be off 
 I'm a lit fuse, anything I do, bitch, it's news 
 Pistol whip a motherfucking bouncer 6'2" 
 Who needs bullets? As soon as I pull it, you sweat bullets 
 An excellent method to get rid of the next bully 
 It's actually better 'cause instead of you murderin' 
 You can hurt 'em and come back again and kick dirt at 'em 
 It's like pouring salt in the wounds, assault and get sued 
 You can smell the lawsuits soon as I waltz in the room 
 Everybody halts and stops, calls the cops 
 All you see is bitches coming out their halter tops 
 Running and ducking out the Hot Rocks parking lot 
 You'll all get shot, whether it's your fault or not, 'cause I'm a 
  
 [Hook] 
 (I'm a soldier) These shoulders hold up so much 
 They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up 
 (I'm a soldier) Even if my collarbones crush or crumble 
 I will never slip or stumble 
 (I'm a soldier) These shoulders hold up so much 
 They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up 
 (I'm a soldier) Even if my collarbones crush or crumble 
 I will never stumble 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 I spit it slow so these kids know that I'm talkin' to 'em 
 Give it back to these damn critics and sock it to 'em 
 I'm like a thug with a little bit of Pac influence 
 I spew it, and look how I got you bitches rocking to it 
 You motherfuckers could never do it like I could do it 
 Don't even try it, you'll look stupid, do not pursue it 
 Don't ever in your life try to knock the truest 
 I spit the illest shit ever been dropped in two-inch 
 So ticky-tock, listen as the sound ticks on the clock 
 Listen to the sound of Kim as she licks on the cock 
 Listen to the sound of me spillin' my heart through this pen 
 Motherfuckers know that I'll never be Marshall again 
 Full of controversy until I retire my jersey 
 'Til the fire inside dies and expires at thirty 
 And Lord, have mercy on any more of these rappers that verse me 
 And put a curse on authorities, in the face of adversity, I'm a 
  
 [Hook] 
 (I'm a soldier) These shoulders hold up so much 
 They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up 
 (I'm a soldier) Even if my collarbones crush or crumble 
 I will never slip or stumble 
 (I'm a soldier) These shoulders hold up so much 
 They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up 
 (I'm a soldier) Even if my collarbones crush or crumble 
 I will never stumble 
  
 [Outro] 
 Yo left, yo left, yo left, right, left 
 Yo left, yo left, yo left, right, left 
 Yo left, yo left, yo left, right, left 
 Yo left, yo left, yo left, right, left[Intro] 
 DMC, we have a mid-thirties male found down, unresponsive 
 Possible overdose, substance unknown 
 Pulse is 60 and thready, respiration's eight 
 He's intubated and we're bagging him now 
 Uh, BP 90 over palp, patient is cool, pale, and diaphoretic 
 Has aspirated, uh, GSC is 3 
 Will update en route, ETA ten minutes 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 As I fall deeper into a manic state 
 I'm a prime candidate for the gene to receive the drug addict trait 
 Blood pressure climbs at a dramatic rate 
 I seem to gravitate to the bottle of NyQuil then I salivate 
 Start off with the NyQuil, like, I think I'll just have a taste 
 Couple of sips of that then I gradually graduate 
 To a harder prescription drug called Valium, like, yeah that's great 
 I go to just take one and I end up like having eight 
 Now I need something in my stomach 'cause I haven't ate 
 Maybe I'll grab a plate of nachos and I'll have a steak 
 And you'd think that with all I have at stake 
 Look at my daughter's face 
 "Mommy, something is wrong with Dad I think 
 He's acting weird again, he's really beginning to scare me 
 Won't shave his beard again and he pretends he doesn't hear me 
 And all he does is eat Doritos and Cheetos 
 And he just fell asleep in his car eating 3 Musketeers in the rear seat" 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know 
 Feels like I been down this road before 
 So lonely and cold, it's like something takes over me 
 As soon as I go home and close the door 
 Kinda feels like déjà vu 
 I wanna get away from this place, I do 
 But I can't and I won't, say I try, but I know that's a lie 
 'Cause I don't and why, I just don't know 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 "Maybe just a nice cold brew, what's a beer?" 
 That's the devil in my ear, I've been sober a fuckin' year 
 And that fucker still talks to me, he's all I can fucking hear 
 "Marshall, come on, we'll watch the game 
 It's the Cowboys and Buccaneers" 
 And maybe if I just drink half, I'll be half-buzzed 
 For half of the time; Who's the mastermind behind that little line? 
 With that kind of rationale, man, I got half a mind 
 To have another half a glass of wine, sounds asinine 
 Yeah, I know,  but I never had no problem with alcohol 
 Ouch, look out for the wall, aim for the couch, I'm 'bout to fall 
 I miss the couch and down I go, lookin' like a bouncy ball 
 Shit must've knocked me out 'cause I ain't feel the ground at all 
 Wow, what the fuck happened last night? Where am I? 
 Man, fuck, am I hungover, and goddamn, I 
 Got a headache, shit, half a Vicodin, why can't I? 
 All systems ready for take off, please stand by 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know 
 Feels like I been down this road before 
 So lonely and cold, it's like something takes over me 
 As soon as I go home and close the door 
 Kinda feels like déjà vu 
 I wanna get away from this place, I do 
 But I can't and I won't, say I try, but I know that's a lie 
 'Cause I don't and why, I just don't know 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 So I take a Vicodin, splash, it hits my stomach, then "Ahhh" 
 Couple of weeks go by, it ain't even like I'm gettin' high 
 Now I need it just not to feel sick, yeah, I'm gettin' by 
 Wouldn't even be taking this shit if DeShaun didn't die 
 Oh yeah, there's an excuse; you lose Proof so you use 
 There's new rules, it's cool if it's helpin' you to get through 
 It's twelve noon, ain't no harm in self-inducin' a snooze 
 What else is new? Fuck it, what would Elvis do in your shoes? 
 Now here I am three months later, full-blown relapse 
 "Just get high until the kids get home from school, homes, relax" 
 And since I'm convinced that I'm an insomniac 
 I need these pills to be able to sleep, so I take three naps 
 Just to be able to function throughout the day, let's see 
 That's an Ambien each nap, how many Valium? Three? 
 And that will average out to about one good hour's sleep 
 Okay, so now ya see the reason how come he 
 Has taken four years to just put out an album, B 
 See, me and you, we almost had the same outcome, Heath 
 'Cause that Christmas, you know the whole pneumonia thing? 
 It was bologna, was it the methadone, ya think? 
 Or the hydrocodone you hide inside your pornos? 
 Your VCR tape cases, with your Ambien CR 
 Great places to hide 'em, ain't it? So you can lie to Hailie 
 I'm going beddy-bye, Whitney, baby; good night, Alaina! 
 Go in the room and shut the bedroom door 
 And wake up in an ambulance 
 They said they found me on the bathroom floor, damn 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know 
 Feels like I been down this road before 
 So lonely and cold, it's like something takes over me 
 As soon as I go home and close the door 
 Kinda feels like déjà vu 
 I wanna get away from this place, I do 
 But I can't and I won't, say I try, but I know that's a lie 
 'Cause I don't and why, I just don't know[Intro: Eminem] 
 Oh! Ladies and gentlemen 
 The moment you've all been waiting for 
 In this corner, weighing 175 pounds 
 With a record of 17 rapes, 400 assaults, and 4 murders 
 The undisputed, most diabolical villain in the world 
 Slim Shady! 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 So crack a bottle, let your body waddle 
 Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto 
 O-oh, o-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe 
 Got one ridin' shotgun and no, not one of 'em got clothes 
 Now, where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? 
 I noticed there's so many of 'em 
 And there's really not that many of us 
 And ladies love us, my posse's kickin' up dust 
 It's on 'til the break of dawn 
 And we're starting this party from dusk 
  
 [Interlude: Eminem] 
 (Okay, let's go!) 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Back with Andre the Giant, Mr. Elephant Tusk 
 Fix your musk, you'll be just another one bit the dust 
 Just one of my mother's sons who got thrown under the bus 
 Kiss my butt, lick fromunda cheese from under my nuts 
 It disgusts me to see the game the way that it looks 
 It's a must, I redeem my name and haters get mushed 
 Bitches lust, man, they love me when I lay in the cut 
 Fisticuffs, the lady give her eighty-some paper cuts 
 Now picture us; it's ridiculous, you curse at the thought 
 'Cause when I spit the verse the shit gets worse than Worcestershire sauce 
 If I could fit the words, it's picture perfect, works every time 
 Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes 
 It's elementary, the elephants have entered the room 
 I venture to say we're the center of attention, it's true 
 Not to mention back with a vengeance, so hence the signal 
 Of the bat symbol, the platinum trio's back on you hoes 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 So crack a bottle, let your body waddle 
 Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto 
 O-oh, o-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe 
 Got one ridin' shotgun and no, not one of 'em got clothes 
 Now, where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? 
 I noticed there's so many of 'em 
 And there's really not that many of us 
 And ladies love us, my posse's kickin' up dust 
 It's on 'til the break of dawn 
 And we're starting this party from dusk 
  
 [Interlude: Eminem] 
 (Ladies and gentlemen, Dr. Dre!) 
  
 [Verse 2: Dr. Dre] 
 They see that low rider go by, they're like, "Oh my!" 
 You ain't got to tell me why you're sick, 'cause I know why 
 I dip through in that Six-Trey, like, "Sick 'em, Dre!" 
 I'm an itch that they can't scratch, they're sick of me 
 But hey, what else can I say? I love L.A.  
 ‘Cause over and above all, it's just another day 
 And this one begins where the last one ends 
 Pick up where we left off and get smashed again 
 I'll be damned, just fucked around and crashed my Benz 
 Drivin' 'round with a smashed front end, let's cash that one in 
 Grab another one from out the stable 
 The Monte Carlo, El Camino, or the El Dorado? 
 The hell if I know, do I want leather seats or vinyl? 
 Decisions, decisions, garage looks like Precision Collision 
 Or Maaco, beats quake like Waco 
 Just keep the bass low, speakers away from your face though 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 So crack a bottle, let your body waddle 
 Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto 
 O-oh, o-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe 
 Got one ridin' shotgun and no, not one of 'em got clothes 
 Now, where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? 
 I noticed there's so many of 'em 
 And there's really not that many of us 
 And ladies love us, my posse's kickin' up dust 
 It's on 'til the break of dawn 
 And we're starting this party from dusk 
  
 [Interlude: Eminem] 
 (And I take great pleasure in introducing: 50 Cent!) 
  
 [Verse 3: 50 Cent] 
 It's bottle after bottle 
 The money ain't a thang when you party with me 
 It's what we into, it's simple 
 We ball out of control like you wouldn't believe 
 I'm the napalm, the bomb, the Don, I'm King Kong 
 Get rolled on, wrapped up and reigned on 
 I'm so calm, through Vietnam, ring the alarm 
 Bring the Chandon, burn marijuan', do what you want 
 Nigga, on and on, 'til the break of what? 
 Get the paper, man, I'm cakin', you know I don't give a fuck 
 I spend it like it don't mean nothin' 
 Blow it like it's supposed to be blown 
 Motherfucker, I'm grown 
 I stunt, I style, I flash the shit 
 I gets what the fuck I want, so what I trick? 
 Fat-ass Birkin bags, some classy shit 
 Jimmy Choo shoes; I say, "Move," a bitch move 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 So crack a bottle, let your body waddle 
 Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto 
 O-oh, o-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe 
 Got one ridin' shotgun and no, not one of 'em got clothes 
 Now, where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? 
 I noticed there's so many of 'em 
 And there's really not that many of us 
 And ladies love us, my posse's kickin' up dust 
 It's on 'til the break of dawn 
 And we're starting this party from dusk[Lotto (Nashawn 'Ox' Breedlove)] 
 Yo, I'll spit a racial slur, honky, sue me 
 The shit is a horror flick, but the black guy doesn't die in this movie 
 Fuckin' with Lotto? Dawg, you gotta be kiddin' 
 That makes me believe you really don't have an interest in livin' 
 You think these niggas gon' feel the shit you say? 
 I got a better chance joinin' the KKK 
 On some real shit though, I like you 
 That's why I didn't wanna have to be the one you commit suicide to 
 Fuck "Lotto," call me your leader 
 I feel bad that I gotta murder that dude from 'Leave It To Beaver' 
 I used to like that show, now you got me in fight-back mode 
 But oh well, if you gotta go, then you gotta go 
 I hate to do this, I would love for this shit to last 
 So I'll take pictures of my rear end so you won't forget my ass 
 And all's well that ends okay 
 So I'll end this shit with a "Fuck you", but "Have a nice day!" 
  
 [B-Rabbit (Eminem)] 
 Ward, I think you were a little hard on the Beaver 
 So was Eddie Haskell, Wally, and Ms Cleaver 
 This guy keeps screamin', he's paranoid 
 Quick, someone get his ass another steroid! 
 "Blah-badi-boo-blah, bah-badi-bloo-blah!" 
 I ain't hear a word you said: "Hippity hoopla!" 
 Is that a tank-top or a new bra? 
 Look! Snoop Dogg just got a fuckin' boobjob 
 Didn't you listen to the last round, meathead? 
 Pay attention, you're sayin' the same shit that he said 
 Matter of fact, dawg, here's a pencil 
 Go home, write some shit, make it suspenseful 
 And don't come back until somethin' dope hits you 
 Fuck it, you can take the mic home with you 
 Lookin' like a cyclone hit you 
 Tank-top screamin', "Lotto, I don't fit you!" 
 You see how far the white jokes get you 
 Boys like, "How Vanilla Ice gon' diss you?" 
 My motto: "Fuck Lotto!" 
 I get the seven digits from your mother for a dollar tomorrow[Verse 1: Skylar Grey] 
 I'm stumbling, I can’t see straight 
 And it's my fault I got this way 
 I got my hands on something great 
 And found a way to mess it up 
 I did my best, I tried to change 
 But it's just in my DNA 
 I got my hands on something great 
 And found a way to fuck it up again 
  
 [Refrain: Skylar Grey] 
 Now I’m the one thing you couldn't hate more 
 But you're the one thing that I would die for 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 All my life, I was told, I was never nothing special 
 I don't need to be reminded of it every other second 
 'Specially when all my self-esteem's 
 Already shot to hell, I'm falling helplessly 
 I'm embarrased, I don’t want no one else to see 
 ’Cause I feel like I'm a piece of shit every time she yells at me 
 Selfishly addicted, definitely doesn’t help that she 
 Makes me feel like I've died and gone to heaven 
 But makes life a living hell for me 
 She does that thing with her lip, now she's melting me 
 I'm putty in her palms, I’m wrapped around her finger 
 A yo-yo on a string, she lets me sit there and just dangle 
 Until something better comes along 
 And she'll just drop me like a hot potato 
 I look like I'm in pain, but I'm okay though 
 'Cause I know she loves me—my friends, what do they know? 
  
 [Chorus: Skylar Grey] 
 It's like I'm drowning at sea 
 Hoping that you reach for me 
 I know you're there, but I can't see 
 'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings 
 I'm dying to breathe 
 And all you do is strangle me 
 Such a beautiful relief 
 'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings 
 (Drunk off tragic endings) 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 In my moments of weakness 
 I openly admit the shit I wouldn't normally 
 I'm extremely self-conscious and enormously 
 Insecure and she uses it to torture when she torments me 
 It only turns to ammunition for her in this war, when she 
 Gets goin' she don't stop, when I'm up she's like a downer 
 When I found her it was love at first encounter 
 But, somehow she musta took the carton of eggs off the counter 
 Cracked them and placed all the shells on the ground for 
 Me to walk on when I'm around her 
 But there's just something about her 
 That makes me not able to function without her 
 How can I get out of it when I don't know how to? 
 I'm a doubter, I'm a pessimist, make a believer out of me 
 And show me the way now or stay the fuck out of my cloud of rain 
 'Cause I'm going straight down the drain, I'm drowning 
  
 [Chorus: Skylar Grey] 
 It's like I'm drowning at sea 
 Hoping that you reach for me 
 I know you're there, but I can't see 
 'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings 
 I'm dying to breathe 
 And all you do is strangle me 
 Such a beautiful relief 
 'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings 
 (Drunk off tragic endings) 
  
 [Refrain: Skylar Grey] 
 Now I'm the one thing you couldn't hate more 
 But you're the one thing that I would die for 
  
 [Verse 4: Eminem] 
 It took a while for me to get it, but I think I've figured it out 
 She don't want me, she just don't wanna see me with someone else 
 The idea of seeing me happy destroys her in itself 
 To see me falling to pieces brings her joy and brings her health 
 But it annoys her to see me get the strength to say, "Screw her!" 
 I threw up on myself, I'm dumb sick, I'm addicted to her 
 She's tryna block the door, so here's how I do her 
 Since I'm manure, she's a sewer 
 And this time this piece of shit's running through her 
 I can see the light, now I'm running to it 
 What the fuck? Shoulda knew it! 
 Who would think she'd actually have the balls to do it? 
 As soon as I hopped in it, she doused the car with lighter fluid 
 She's standing there with a rag, 'bout to put the lighter to it 
 Lit the fucking thing on fire, then she threw it 
  
 [Chorus: Skylar Grey] 
 It's like I'm drowning at sea 
 Hoping that you reach for me 
 I know you're there, but I can't see 
 'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings 
 I'm dying to breathe 
 And all you do is strangle me 
 Such a beautiful relief 
 'Cause I'm so drunk off tragic endings 
 (Drunk off tragic endings)[Lyckety Splyt (Strike)] 
 This guy's a choke artist, you'll catch a bad one 
 You're better off shooting yourself with Papa Doc's handgun 
 Climbing up this mountain, you're weak 
 I'll leave you lost without a paddle, floating shit's creek 
 You ain't Detroit, I'm the D, you're the new kid on the block 
 'Bout to get smacked back to the boondocks 
 Fucking Nazi, this crowd ain't your type 
 Take some real advice and form a group with Vanilla Ice 
 And what I tell you, you better use it 
 This guy's a hillbilly, this ain't Willie Nelson music 
 Trailer trash, I'll choke you to your last breath 
 And have you looking foolish 
 Like Cheddar Bob when he shot himself 
 Silly Rabbit, I know why they call you that 
 'Cause you follow Future like you got carrots up his ass crack 
 And when you acting up that's when you got jacked up 
 And left stupid like Tina Turner when she got smacked up 
 I'll crack your shoulder blade 
 You'll get dropped so hard that Elvis will start turning in his grave 
 I don't know why they let you out in the dark 
 You need to take your white ass back across 8 Mile to the trailer park 
  
 [B-Rabbit (Eminem)] 
 This guy raps like his parents jerked him 
 He sounds like Erick Sermon, the generic version 
 This whole crowd looks suspicious 
 It's all dudes in here, except for these bitches 
 So I'm a German, eh? 
 That's okay, you look like a fuckin' worm with braids 
 These Leaders of the Free World rookies 
 Lookie, how can 6 dicks be pussies 
 Talkin' 'bout shits creek 
 Bitch, you could be up piss creek with paddles this deep 
 You're still gonna sink, you're a disgrace 
 Yeah, they call me Rabbit, this is a turtle race 
 He can't get with me, spitting this shit wickedly 
 Lickety shot suspicious spickety split lickety 
 So I'ma turn around with a great smile 
 And walk my white ass back across 8 Mile[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I ain't gonna eat, I ain't gonna sleep 
 Ain't gonna breathe 'til I see what I wanna see 
 And what I wanna see is you go to sleep in the dirt 
 Permanently; you're just being hurt 
 This ain't gonna work for me, it just wouldn't be 
 Sufficient enough 'cause we are just gonna be 
 Enemies as long as we breathe, I don't ever see 
 Either of us comin' to terms where we can agree 
 There ain't gonna be no reasonin' speakin' with me 
 You speak on my seed, then me no speak-a Inglés 
 So we gonna beef, and keep on beefin', unless 
 You're gonna agree to meet with me in the flesh 
 And settle this face-to-face, and you're gonna see 
 A demon unleashed in me that you've never seen 
 And you're gonna see this gangster pee on himself 
 I see you D12, and thanks, but me need no help 
 Me do this one all by my lonely, I don't need 15 of my homies 
 When I see you, I'm seein' you, me and you only 
 We never met, but best believe you gon' know me 
 When I'm this close to see you exposed as phony 
 Come on, bitch, show me! Pick me up, throw me! 
 Lift me up, hold me—just like you told me 
 You was gonna do, that's what I thought, you're pitiful 
 I'm rid of you, all of you, Ja, you'll get it too 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Now go to sleep, bitch! Die, motherfucker, die! 
 Ugh, time's up, bitch, close your eyes! 
 Go to sleep, bitch! Why are you still alive? 
 How many times I gotta say, close your eyes! 
 And go to sleep, bitch! Die, motherfucker die! 
 Bye, bye, motherfucker, bye, bye! 
 Go to sleep, bitch! Why are you still alive? 
 Why? Die, motherfucker! Ah, ah, ah, go to sleep, bitch! 
  
 [Verse 2: Obie Trice] 
 We got you niggas nervous, on purpose 
 To hurt your focus, you's not MC's 
 You's worthless, you's not them G's 
 You's a circus, you's no appeal, please 
 You's curtains, you use words Kool Herc slurred 
 In two-thousand-third: you's perpin' 
 You's no threat, who's you servin'? 
 When lyrically oughta bury you beneath the dirt when 
 You fuck with a label overseein' the Earth 
 Shady, mothafucka, O. Trice's birth 
 And as I mold I become more cursed 
 So we can put down the verse, take it to the turf 
 Cock and squeeze, and he who reach the hearse 
 Is he who depicts fiction in his verse 
 And as I breathe, and you be deceased 
 The world believe you deceived just to speak 
 You's not the streets, you's the desk 
 Use not your chest, nigga, use a vest 
 Before tools choose your rest, you chose death 
 Six feet deep, nigga, that's the depth 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Now go to sleep, bitch! Die, motherfucker, die! 
 Ugh, time's up, bitch, close your eyes! 
 Go to sleep, bitch! Why are you still alive? 
 How many times I gotta say, close your eyes! 
 And go to sleep, bitch! Die, motherfucker die! 
 Bye, bye, motherfucker, bye, bye! 
 Go to sleep, bitch! Why are you still alive? 
 Why? Die, motherfucker! Ah, ah, ah, go to sleep, bitch! 
  
 [Verse 3: DMX] 
 Hey dog, I'ma walk like a beast, talk like the streets 
 I'ma stay blazin' New York with the heat 
 Stalk on the beat, walk with my feet 
 Understand my pain, the rain ain't sleet 
 Peep how I'm movin', peep where I'm goin' 
 Shit don't seep, then sleep not knowin' 
 But I'ma keep growin', gettin' larger than life 
 Easy goin' with the same one that started the fight 
 He be knowin' how dog get when dog don't bite 
 Tried to show him the dog shit, it's dog for life 
 Grand Champ, and my Blood Line is tight 
 'Cause it's all good, it's all right 
 Niggas tried to holla but couldn't holla back 
 Now they got to swallow everything in the sack 
 Blood Line, and we can go track for track 
 Damn, dog, why'd you have to do them niggas like that? 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Now go to sleep, bitch! Die, motherfucker, die! 
 Ugh, time's up, bitch, close your eyes! 
 Go to sleep, bitch! Why are you still alive? 
 How many times I gotta say, close your eyes! 
 And go to sleep, bitch! Die, motherfucker die! 
 Bye, bye, motherfucker, bye, bye! 
 Go to sleep, bitch! Why are you still alive? 
 Why? Die, motherfucker! Ah, ah, ah, go to sleep, bitch! 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 All you motherfuckers, take that! 
 Here, take this too, bitch! 
 Uh, uh, uh, uh, wahoo 
 We're killing all you motherfuckers dead 
 All of you! Fake-ass gangsters! 
 No more press! No more press! 
 Rot, motherfuckers, rot! 
 Decay, in the dirt, bitch, in the motherfuckin' dirt! 
 Die nameless, bitch! Die nameless! 
 No more fame! Ahh, hahahaha 
 Yo, X, come on, man! Obie, let's go! Ha ha[Intro] 
 Yeah 
 Definitely, definitely 
 Definitely dope 
 Definitely 
 Definitely K-Mart 
 Yeah, yeah 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 You find me offensive 
 I find you offensive for finding me offensive 
 Hence, if I should draw out or line any fences 
 If so, to what extents if any should I go 
 'Cause it's getting expensive 
 Being on the other side of the courtroom on the defensive 
 They say I cause extensive psychological 
 Nerve damage to the brain 
 When I go to lengths, this far at other people's expenses 
 I say you're all just too God damned sensitive 
 It's censorship, and it's downright blasphemous 
 Let's end this shit now, 'cause I won't stand for this 
 And Christopher Reeves won't sit for this neither 
 And let's clear this up too, I ain't got no beef with him either 
 He used to be like a hero to me, I even believe I 
 Had one of those 25 cent stickers on my refrigerator 
 Right next to Darth Vader 
 And Darth must've put a hex on him for later 
 I feel like it's my fault, 'cause of the way that 
 I stuck him up in between him and Lex Luthor 
 I killed Superman, I killed Super-man, and how ironic 
 That I'd be the bad guy, kryptonite, the green chronic 
  
 [Chorus] 
 'Cause I ain't got no legs 
 Or no brain 
 Nice to meet you, hi, my name is... 
 I forgot my name 
 My aim was not to become what I became 
 With this level of fame 
 My soul is possessed by this devil 
 My new name is Rain Man 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Now in the bible it says 
 Thou shalt not watch two lesbians in bed, have homosexual sex 
 Unless of course you were given the consent to join in 
 Then of course it's intercourse and it's bisexual sex 
 Which isn't as bad 
 As long as you show some remorse for your actions 
 Either before during or after 
 Performing the act of that which 
 Is normally referred to as such more commonly known phrases 
 That are more used by today's kids, in a more derogatory way 
 But who's to say, what's fair to say and what not to say 
 Let's ask Dr. Dre 
 Dr. Dre (What up?) 
 I got a question if I may (Yeah) 
 Is it gay to play putt-putt golf with a friend (Yeah) 
 And watch his butt butt when he tees off (Yeah) 
 But, but, I ain't done yet 
 In football the quarterback yells out hut-hut 
 While he reaches in another grown man's ass 
 Grabs on his nuts but just what if 
 It was never meant, it was just an accident 
 But he tripped, fell, slipped, and his penis went in 
 His teeny tiny little round hiney and he didn't mean it 
 But his little weenie flinched just a little bit 
 And I don't need to go into any more details, but 
 What if he pictured it as a female's butt 
 Is that gay? I just need to clear things up 
 'Til then, I'll just walk around with a manly strut, because 
  
 [Chorus] 
 'Cause I ain't got no legs 
 Or no brain 
 Nice to meet you, hi, my name is... 
 I forgot my name 
 My aim was not to become what I became 
 With this level of fame 
 My soul is possessed by this devil 
 My new name is Rain Man 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 You find me offensive, I find you offensive 
 Shit this is the same verse, I just did this 
 When am I gonna come to my good senses? 
 Probably the day Bush comes to my defenses 
 My spider sense is telling me Spider-Man is nearby 
 And my plan is to get him next 
 And open up a whoop ass canister 
 Goddammit Dre, where's the God damned beat (Yeah) 
 Anyway, anyway I don't know how else to put it 
 This is the only thing that I'm good at 
 I am the bad guy, kryptonite, the green chronic 
 Demonic, yup yup, don't worry, I'm on it 
 I got it, high-five Nick Lachey 
 Stuck a pin in Jessica's head and walked away 
 And as she flew around the room like a balloon 
 I grabbed the last can of chicken tuna out the trash can 
 And zoom, I headed straight back to the Neverland Ranch 
 With a peanut butter jelly chicken tuna sandwich 
 And I don't even gotta make no God damned sense 
 I just did a whole song and I didn't say shit 
  
 [Chorus] 
 'Cause I ain't got no legs 
 Or no brain 
 Nice to meet you, "Hi, my name is" 
 I forgot my name 
 My aim was not to become what I became 
 With this level of fame 
 My soul is possessed by this devil 
 My new name is Rain Man 
  
 [Outro] 
 'Cause ah ha ha ha ha 
 Yup, Rain Man 
 Definitely, definitely Dr. Dre 
 Super dope beat maker 
 2000, 2400 and 87 million, 900 and se-73,400 and 63... and 70 
 (Yeah)[Produced by Eminem & Jeff Bass] 
  
 [Intro] 
 People, it feels so good to be back! 
 Ladies and gentleman 
 Introducing the new and improved you-know-who 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Never been the type to bend or budge 
 The wrong button to push, no friend of Bush 
 I'm the centerpiece, you're a Maltese 
 I'm a pitbull off his leash, all this peace talk can cease 
 All these people I had to leave in limbo 
 I'm back now, I've come to release this info 
 I'll be brief, and let me just keep shit simple 
 Can-I-Bitch don't want no beef with Slim, nooo! 
 Not even on my radar 
 So won't you please jump off my dick, lay off and stay off? 
 And follow me as I put these crayons to chaos 
 From seance to seance, aw-a-aw-ch-a-aw 
  
 [Hook] 
 C'mon now! Let's all get on down! 
 Let's do-si-do now! We gon' have a good ol' time 
 Don't be scared, ‘cause there ain't nothin' to worry about 
 Let your hair down, and square dance with me! 
 C'mon now! Let's all get on down! 
 Let's do-si-do now! We gon' have a good ol' time 
 Don't be scared, ‘cause there ain't nothin' to worry about 
 Let your hair down, and square dance with me! 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Yeah, let your hair down to the track, yeah, kick on back 
 Boo! The boogie monster of Rap, yeah, the man's back 
 With a plan to ambush this Bush administration 
 Mush the Senate's face and push this generation 
 Of kids to stand and fight for the right 
 To say somethin' you might not like 
 This white hot light that I'm under, no wonder I look so sunburnt 
 Oh no, I won't leave no stone unturned 
 Oh no, I won't leave, won't go nowhere 
 Do-si-do, oh, yo, ho, hello there! 
 Oh yeah, don't think I won't go there 
 Go to Beirut and do a show there 
 Yeah, you laugh 'til your mothafuckin' ass gets drafted 
 While you're at band camp thinking that crap can't happen 
 'Til you fuck around, get an Anthrax napkin 
 Inside a package wrapped in Saran Wrap wrappin' 
 Open the plastic and then you stand back gaspin' 
 Fuckin' assassins hi-jackin' Amtraks, crashin' 
 All this terror, America demands action 
 Next thing you know you've got Uncle Sam's ass askin' 
 To join the army or what you'll do for their Navy 
 You just a baby gettin' recruited at 18 
 You're on a plane now, eatin' their food and their baked beans 
 I'm 28, they gon' take you 'fore they take me 
 Crazy insane or insane crazy? 
 When I say Hussein, you say Shady 
 My views ain't changed, still inhumane, wait 
 Arraigned two days late, the date's today, hang me! 
  
 [Hook] 
 C'mon now! Let's all get on down! 
 Let's do-si-do now! We gon' have a good ol' time 
 Don't be scared, ‘cause there ain't nothin' to worry about 
 Let your hair down, and square dance with me! 
 C'mon now! Let's all get on down! 
 Let's do-si-do now! We gon' have a good ol' time 
 Don't be scared, ‘cause there ain't nothin' to worry about 
 Let your hair down, and square dance with me! 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Nothin' moves me more than a groove that soothes me 
 Nothin' soothes me more than a groove that boosts me 
 Nothin' boosts me more or suits me beautifully 
 There's nothin' you can do to me—stab me, shoot at me! 
 Psychotic, hypnotic product, I got the antibiotic 
 Ain't nobody hotter and so on and yada yada 
 God, I talk a lot of hem-de-lay-la-la-la 
 Oochie walla walla um da dah da dah da, but you gotta gotta 
 Keep movin', there's more music to make 
 Keep makin' new shit, produce hits to break 
 The monotony, what's gotten into me? 
 Drugs, rock and Hennessy, thug like I'm 'Pac on my enemies 
 On your knees, got you under siege 
 Somebody you would give a lung to be 
 Hungry like a fuckin' younger me 
 Fuck the fee, I can get you jumped for free 
 Yeah, buddy, laugh! It's funny: I have the money 
 To have you killed by somebody who has nothin' 
 I'm past bluffin', pass the K-Y 
 Let's get ready for some intense serious ass-fuckin'! 
  
 [Hook] 
 C'mon now! Let's all get on down! 
 Let's do-si-do now! We gon' have a good ol' time 
 Don't be scared, ‘cause there ain't nothin' to worry about 
 Let your hair down, and square dance with me! 
 C'mon now! Let's all get on down! 
 Let's do-si-do now! We gon' have a good ol' time 
 Don't be scared, ‘cause there ain't nothin' to worry about 
 Let your hair down, and square dance with me! 
  
 [Outro] 
 Dr. Dre wants to square dance with me 
 Nasty Nas wants to square dance with me 
 X to the Z wants to square dance with me 
 Busta Rhymes wants to square dance with me 
 Cani-bitch won't square dance with me 
 Fan-a-bitch won't square dance with me 
 Canada-bis don't want no parts of me 
 Dirty Dozen wants to square dance with you 
 Yeeehawww![Intro] 
 "Life," by Marshall Mathers 
 What is life? 
 Life is like a big obstacle in front of your optical to slow you down 
 And every time you think you've gotten past it 
 It's gonna come back around to tackle you to the damn ground 
 What are friends? 
 Friends are people that you think are your friends 
 But they really your enemies with secret identities 
 And disguises to hide they true colors 
 So just when you think you close enough to be brothers 
 They wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin' 
 What is money? 
 Money is what makes a man act funny 
 Money is the root of all evil 
 Money'll make them same friends come back around 
 Swearin' that they was always down 
 What is life? I'm tired of life 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I'm tired of backstabbin'-ass snakes with friendly grins 
 I'm tired of committin' so many sins 
 Tired of always givin' in when this bottle of Henny wins 
 Tired of never havin' any ends 
 Tired of havin' skinny friends, hooked on crack and Mini Thins 
 I'm tired of this DJ playin' your shit when he spins 
 Tired of not havin' a deal 
 Tired of havin' to deal with the bullshit without grabbin' the steel 
 Tired of drownin' in my sorrow 
 Tired of havin' to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo 
 I'm tired of motherfuckers sprayin' shit and dartin' off 
 I'm tired of jobs startin' off 
 At $5.50 an hour, then this boss wonders why I'm smartin' off 
 I'm tired of bein' fired every time I fart and cough 
 Tired of havin' to work as a gas station clerk 
 For this jerk, breathin' down my neck, drivin' me berserk 
 I'm tired of usin' plastic silverware 
 Tired of workin' at Builder's Square 
 Tired of not bein' a millionaire 
  
 [Chorus] 
 But if I had a million dollars 
 I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics 
 If I had a magic wand 
 I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on 
 While I'm on the john 
 If I had a million bucks, it wouldn't be enough 
 Because I'd still be out robbin' armored trucks 
 If I had one wish, I would ask 
 For a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I'm tired of bein' white trash, broke and always poor 
 Tired of takin' pop bottles back to the party store 
 I'm tired of not havin' a phone 
 Tired of not havin' a home to have one in if I did have one on 
 Tired of not drivin' a BM 
 Tired of not workin' at GM, tired of wantin' to be him 
 Tired of not sleepin' without a Tylenol PM 
 Tired of not performin' in a packed coliseum 
 Tired of not bein' on tour 
 Tired of fuckin' the same blonde whore 
 After work, in the back of a Contour 
 I'm tired of fakin' knots with a stack of ones 
 Havin' a lack of funds and resortin' back to guns 
 Tired of bein' stared at 
 Tired of wearin' the same damn Nike Air hat 
 Tired of steppin' in clubs, wearin' the same pair of Lugz 
 Tired of people sayin' they're tired of hearin' me rap about drugs 
 Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin' half the skill as me 
 Sayin' they wasn't feelin' me on "Nobody's As Ill As Me" 
 And I'm tired of radio stations tellin' fibs 
 Tired of JLB sayin', "Where hip-hop lives" 
  
 [Chorus] 
 But if I had a million dollars 
 I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics 
 If I had a magic wand 
 I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on 
 While I'm on the john 
 If I had a million bucks, it wouldn't be enough 
 Because I'd still be out robbin' armored trucks 
 If I had one wish, I would ask 
 For a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss 
  
 [Outro] 
 You know what I'm sayin'? 
 I'm tired of all of this bullshit, tellin' me to be positive 
 How am I 'posed to be positive when I don't see shit positive? 
 You know what I'm sayin'? 
 I rap about shit around me, shit I see 
 You know what I'm sayin'? 
 Right now, I'm tired of everything 
 Tired of all this player-hatin' that's goin' on in my own city 
 Can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin'? 
 But hey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin'? 
 I'm just fed up, that's my word[Intro: Eminem] 
 Ayo, before I start this song, man 
 I just wanna thank everybody for being so patient 
 And bearing with me over these last couple of years 
 While I figure this shit out 
  
 [Chorus: Kobe & Eminem] 
 Is anybody out there? 
 It feels like I'm talkin' to myself 
 No one seems to know my struggle 
 And everything I've come from 
 Can anybody hear me? 
 Yeah, I guess I keep talkin' to myself 
 It feels like I'm goin' insane 
 Am I the one who's crazy? 
 Yeah, whoa-whoa, whoa-whoa 
 Whoa-whoa, whoa-whoa, whoa-whoa 
 So why in the world do I feel so alone? 
 Nobody but me, I'm on my own 
 Is there anyone out there who feels the way I feel? 
 If there is, let me hear 
 Just so I know that I'm not the only one 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I went away, I guess, and opened up some lanes 
 But there was no one who even knew 
 I was goin' through growin' pains 
 Hatred was flowin' through my veins 
 On the verge of goin' insane 
 I almost made a song dissin' Lil Wayne 
 It's like I was jealous of him 'cause of the attention he was gettin' 
 I felt horrible about myself, he was spittin' and I wasn't 
 Anyone who was buzzin' back then coulda got it 
 Almost went at Kanye too 
 God, it feels like I'm goin' psychotic, thank God that I didn't do it 
 I'da had my ass handed to me, and I knew it 
 But Proof isn't here to see me through it 
 I'm in the booth, poppin' another pill, tryna talk myself into it 
 Are you stupid? You're gon' start dissin' people for no reason? 
 'Specially when you can't even write a decent punchline even? You're lyin' to yourself, you're slowly dyin' 
 You're denyin' your health is declinin' with your self-esteem 
 You're cryin' out for help 
  
 [Chorus: Kobe and Eminem] 
 Is anybody out there? 
 It feels like I'm talkin' to myself 
 No one seems to know my struggle 
 And everything I've come from 
 Can anybody hear me? 
 Yeah, I guess I keep talkin' to myself 
 It feels like I'm goin' insane 
 Am I the one who's crazy? 
 Yeah 
 So why in the world do I feel so alone? 
 Nobody but me, I'm on my own 
 Is there anyone out there who feels the way I feel? 
 If there is, let me hear 
 Just so I know that I'm not the only one 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem & Kobe] 
 Marshall, you're no longer the man, that's a bitter pill to swallow 
 All I know is I'm wallowing, self-loathing and hollow 
 Bottoms up on the pill bottle, maybe I'll hit my bottom tomorrow 
 My sorrow echoes in this hall though (Oh-oh, oh) 
 But I must be talkin' to the wall though, I don't see nobody else 
 (I guess I keep talkin' to myself) 
 But all these other rappers suck is all that I know 
 I've turned into a hater, I put up a false bravado 
 But Marshall is not an egomaniac, that's not his motto 
 He's not a desperado, he's desperate 
 His thoughts are bottled inside him 
 One foot on the brake, one on the throttle 
 Fallin' asleep with writer's block in the parkin' lot of McDonald's 
 But instead of feeling sorry for yourself 
 Do something 'bout it, admit you got a problem 
 Your brain is clouded, you pouted long enough 
 It isn't them, it's you, you fuckin' baby! 
 Quit worryin' 'bout what they do, and do Shady 
 I'm fuckin' goin' crazy 
  
 [Chorus: Kobe & Eminem] 
 Is anybody out there? 
 It feels like I'm talkin' to myself 
 No one seems to know my struggle 
 And everything I've come from 
 Can anybody hear me? 
 Yeah, I guess I keep talkin' to myself 
 It feels like I'm goin' insane 
 Am I the one who's crazy? 
 Yeah 
 So why in the world do I feel so alone? 
 Nobody but me, I'm on my own 
 Is there anyone out there who feels the way I feel? 
 If there is, let me hear 
 Just so I know that I'm not the only one 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 So I picked myself up off the ground 
 And fuckin' swam 'fore I drowned 
 Hit my bottom so hard I bounced twice, suffice, this time around 
 It's different, them last two albums didn't count 
 Encore, I was on drugs; Relapse, I was flushin' 'em out 
 I've come to make it up to you now, no more fuckin' around 
 I got somethin' to prove to fans, 'cause I feel like I let 'em down 
 So please accept my apology, I finally feel like I'm back to normal 
 I feel like me again, let me formally 
 Reintroduce myself to you for those of you who don't know 
 The new me's back to the old me 
 And homie, I don't show no signs of slowin' up 
 Oh, and I'm blowin' up all over 
 My life is no longer a movie, but the show ain't over, homos 
 I'm back with a vengeance, homie 
 Weezy, keep ya head up, T.I., keep ya head up 
 Kanye, keep ya head up, don't let up 
 Just keep slayin' them, rest in peace to DJ AM 
 'Cause I know what it's like 
 I struggle with this shit every single day, and um… 
  
 [Chorus: Kobe & Eminem] 
 Is anybody out there? 
 It feels like I'm talkin' to myself 
 No one seems to know my struggle 
 And everything I've come from 
 Can anybody hear me? 
 Yeah, I guess I keep talkin' to myself 
 It feels like I'm goin' insane 
 Am I the one who's crazy? 
 Yeah 
 So why in the world do I feel so alone? 
 Nobody but me, I'm on my own 
 Is there anyone out there who feels the way I feel? 
 If there is, let me hear 
 Just so I know that I'm not the only one 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 So there it is, damn 
 Feels like I just woke up or something 
 I guess I just forgot who the fuck I was, man 
 Ayo, and to anybody I thought about going at 
 It was never nothing personal 
 It was just some shit I was going through 
 And to everybody else, I'm back! (I'm back!) 
 Ha-ha (Ha-ha)[Intro: John C. Reilly] 
 Wanna take it from the top? 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Lady, you remind me of my raps on that Relapse shit 
 'Cause you got an ass thick as them accents 
 Two ass-cheek implants, call that an asset 
 'Cause you could set a glass on it, it's massive 
 From the first time I saw you, I actually 
 Said to myself: "I gotta meet her" like a taxi 
 Exactly, love affair in the backseat 
 Sorry if I'm being graphic 
 But I'm stiff as a statue you sat on a shelf 
 I feel like I'ma bust, maybe I'm just ahead of myself 
 Let me slow down, slow your Camaro 
 I'm tryna catch up, I'm tryna jump your bones to the marrow 
 Got me under your control and your spell 
 Wanna wrap you up, put you in a bow like an arrow 
 Grab you by the (Meow!), hope it's not a problem, in fact 
 About the only thing I agree on with Donald is that 
 So when I put this palm on your cat 
 Don't snap, it's supposed to get grabbed 
 Why you think they call it a snatch? 
 I just wanna climb in the sack 
 I'ma keep it a hundred like my speedometer's at 
 I'm watchin' you rap, I'm the dude followin' back 
 About six cars, I'm in the 'lac, and I wanna fack 
  
 [Pre-Chorus: Eminem] 
 All day, all day, all night 
 You ask, I'll stay the night 
 With you, you say you're fire 
 Me too, you're burning up 
 I want it— 
  
 [Chorus: Mark Wahlberg (& John C. Reilly)] 
 All day, all night 
 You feel, my heat (fire) 
 Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel 
 My heat 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Hate to inconvenience you at the convenience store 
 But them jeans you wore are like I've never seen before 
 I pretend I work there while I clean the floor 
 Checkin' you out like the clerk while he rings you up 
 Pull out behind you when you're leavin' 
 And you don't even know it (word, yo Rick, man!) 
 She's brushin' her hair, adjustin' her mirror 
 She's rappin' my shit, but she wasn't aware 
 I was there, or maybe she was and just didn't care 
 Who knows? At least that ain't up in the air for some to see 
 So like a chick who thinks her coochie don't stink 
 If she ain't plannin' to do shit this summer's eve 
 Maybe she wants to keep me company 
 But fuck the Pepé Le Pew shit! 
 "Ain't steppin' to you, bitch," I say to myself 
 Plus she's bumpin' my music, ain't chasin' no tail like a skunk in heat 
 I could sweat her to some degree 
 But fuck it, I'm the male, let her come to me 
 (Could you repeat that again?) 
 "Letter" come to me—"mail." "Sweater", "heat," "some degree."  Fail 
 Fuck it, pull up beside her 
 Sideswipe her Dodge Viper, wood is so bright 
 I ask does she want a computer lodged in her vagina 
 Said my dick is an apple, she said put it inside her 
 I said— 
  
 [Pre-Chorus: Eminem] 
 All day, all day, all night 
 You ask, I'll stay the night 
 With you, you say you're fire 
 Me too, you're burning up 
 I want it— 
  
 [Chorus: Mark Wahlberg (& John C. Reilly)] 
 All day, all night 
 You feel, my heat (fire) 
 Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel 
 My heat 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Black out, come to, hands covered in blood 
 Motherfuckin' gloves and a shovel stuck in the mud 
 I just bodied the beat, so that hole musta been dug 
 'Cause it just died like food coloring (duh!) 
 So let's get turnt like a shish kabab 
 Twist it, ma, like an air-conditioning knob 
 We'd be great together 
 Don't care if it takes forever 
 If I gotta wait, I guess it's better late than never 
 You felt my heat rubbin' off on ya 
 I love your personality, come on, little mama 
 You're hot enough to melt Rick's beat, come jump in the water 
 I bet you get your self-esteem from your persona 
 With an ass to match, girl, your 
 Body is lit, you're striking, I'm a gas, girl, you're 
 Just gonna have to put them other chumps on the back burner 
 You got buns, I got Asperger's 
 Just let me rest my head between that set of D's 
 While I shred MC's like cheddar cheese 
 That's just the thoroughbred in me, ain't a better breed 
 My dog thinks so too—look at my pedigree! (Roof!) 
 Ma, the world is what I think of you 
 I think you're divine, so I might swing on you 
 I'm just kiddin', girl, I wouldn't lift a finger, too 
 Unless it's the middle one to finger you 
  
 [Pre-Chorus: Eminem] 
 All day, all day, all night 
 You ask, I'll stay the night 
 With you, you say you're fire 
 Me too, you're burning up 
 I want it— 
  
 [Chorus: Mark Wahlberg & John C. Reilly] 
 Feel, feel, feel, feel, feel 
 My heat 
  
 [Outro: Eminem & Mark Wahlberg] 
 On the ones and twos, to three or four in the mornin' 
 Rick's on the cut like Neosporin (Girls!) 
 He's mixin' it up for me, and you're in 
 A teddy like short for Theodore 
 We're outtie, five thousand 
 I wanna fuck, it's my big dick 
 So everybody get ready fucking now![Chorus: P!nk] 
 You can sound the alarm, you can call out your guards 
 You can fence in your yard, you can hold all the cards 
 But I won't back down 
 Oh no, I won't back down, oh no 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Cadillac Sevilles, coupe DeVilles 
 Brain-dead rims, yeah, stupid wheels 
 Girl, I'm too for real, lose your tooth-and-nail 
 Tryna fight it, try to deny it, stupid, you will feel 
 What I do, I do at will 
 Shootin' from the hip, yeah, boy, I shoot to kill 
 Half a breath left on my death-bed 
 Screamin', “F that!” – yeah, super-ill 
 Baby, what the deal? We can chill 
 Split a half a pill and a Happy Meal 
 Fuck a steak, slut, I'll cut my toes off 
 And step on the receipt 'fore I foot the bill 
 Listen, garden tool, don't make me introduce you 
 To my power tool, you know the fuckin' drill 
 How you douchebags feel knowin' you're disposable? 
 Summer's Eve, Massengill 
 Shady's got the mass appeal 
 Baby, crank the shit, 'cause it's your goddamn jam 
 You said that you want your punchlines a little more compact 
 Well, shorty, I'm that man 
 These other cats ain't metaphorically where I'm at, man 
 I gave Bruce Wayne a Valium 
 And said, “Settle your fuckin' ass down! 
 I'm ready for combat, man!” 
 Get it? Calm Batman, nah 
 Ain't nobody who's as bomb and as nuts 
 Lines are like Mom's CAT-scans 
 'Cause they fuckin' go bananas 
 Honey, I applaud that ass 
 Swear to God, man, these broads can't dance 
 Ma, show 'em how it's done 
 Spaz like a goddamn Taz, yeah 
  
 [Chorus: P!nk] 
 You can sound the alarm, you can call out your guards 
 You can fence in your yard, you can hold all the cards 
 But I won't back down 
 Oh no, I won't back down, oh no 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Girl, shake that ass like a donkey with Parkinson's 
 Make like Michael J. Fox is in your drawers 
 Playin' with an etch-a-sketch 
 Bet you that you'll never guess 
 Who's knockin' at your door, people hit the floors 
 Yeah, tonight, ladies, you gonna get divorced 
 Girl, forget remorse, I'ma hit you broads 
 With Chris's force like you pissed him off 
 Talented with the tongue, mothafucka 
 You ain't got a lick in yours 
 Hittin' licks like I'm robbin' liquor stores 
 Makin' cash registers shit their drawers 
 Think you spit the rawest? 
 I'm an uncooked slab of beef layin' on your kitchen floor 
 In other words, I'm off the meat rack 
 Bring the beat back, bring in two extension cords 
 I'ma measure my dick—shit, I need six inches more 
 Fuck, my dick's big, bitch, need I remind you 
 That I don't need the fuckin' swine flu to be a sick pig? 
 You're addicted, I'm dope 
 I'm the longest needle around here—need a fix, ock? 
 I'm the big shot—get it, dick-snots? 
 You're just small pokes, little pricks 
 Girl, you think that other prick's hot? 
 I'll drink gasoline and eat a lit match 
 Before I sit back and let him get hotter 
 Better call the cops on him quick, fast 
 Shady's right back on your bitch-ass 
 White trash with a half a six-pack in his hatchback 
 Trailer hitch attached to the back, dispatch 
  
 [Chorus: P!nk] 
 You can sound the alarm, you can call out your guards 
 You can fence in your yard, you can hold all the cards 
 But I won't back down 
 Oh no, I won't back down, oh no 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Bitch, am I the reason that your boyfriend stopped rappin'? 
 Does a bird chirp? Does Lil' Wayne slurp 'zurp 
 'Til he burps and smoke purp? 
 Does a word search get circles wrapped around it 
 Like you do when I come through? 
 I'd like you to remind yourself of what the fuck I can do 
 When I'm on the mic 
 Oh, you're the kind of girl that I could take a likin' to 
 Psych! I'm spikin' you like a football 
 Been this way since I stood a foot tall 
 You're a good catch with a shitty spouse 
 Got a pretty mouth and a good jaw 
 Give me good brain, watch the wood-grain 
 Don't want no cum stain—bitch, you listenin'? 
 Tryin' to turn me down, slut, I'm talkin' to you 
 Turn me back up! Are you insane?! 
 Tryin' to talk over me in the car 
 Shut the fuck up while my shit's playin'! 
 I'm a shit stain on the underwear of life 
 What's the saying? Where there's thunder, there is lightning 
 And they say that it never strikes twice in the same place 
 Then how the fuck have I been hit six times 
 In three different locations on four separate occasions? 
 And you can bet your stankin' ass 
 That I've come to smash everything in my path 
 Fork was in the road, took the psycho path 
 Poison Ivy wouldn't have me thinkin' rash 
 So hit the dance-floor, cutie, while I do my duty 
 On this microphone; shake your booty, shorty! 
 I'm the shit—why you think Proof used to call me "Doody"? 
  
 [Chorus: P!nk] 
 You can sound the alarm, you can call out your guards 
 You can fence in your yard, you can hold all the cards 
 But I won't back down 
 Oh no, I won't back down, oh no[Intro] 
 Yo, yo, follow me 
 Come with me to the dark side of the force 
 No man would boldly go to this place 
 The devil only knows of this world 
 So dark and oh so cold, it's oh so cold 
 Oh so cold, oh 
  
 [Pre-Chorus] 
 Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart 
 Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't 
 Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya? 
 Girl, you think you're so smart 
 Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark 
  
 [Chorus] 
 A world so dark, a world so cold 
 A world where on-ly some will go 
 But none return, when will they learn? 
 Where do they go? God only knows 
 Stay wide awake 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Fe-fi-fo-fum, I think I smell the scent of a placenta 
 I enter Central Park, it's dark, it's winter in December 
 I see my target, put my car in park, and approach a tender 
 Young girl by the name of Brenda, and I pretend to befriend her 
 Sit down beside her like a spider, hi there girl, you might've 
 Heard of me before, see whore 
 You're the kind of girl that I'd a–ssault and rape 
 Then figure why not try to make your pussy wider 
 Fuck you with an umbrella 
 Then open it up while the shit's inside ya 
 I'm the kind of guy that's mild 
 But I might flip and get a little bit wilder 
 Impregnate a lesbian, yeah 
 Now let's see her have triplets, and I'll di–sintegrate them babies 
 As soon as they're out her with formalde–hyde and cyanide 
 Girl, you can try and hide, you can try to scream louder 
 No need for no gunpowder, that only takes all the fun out of 
 Murderin', I'd rather go vinn-vinn, and now you see just how the 
 Fuck I do just what I do when I cut right through your scalp, uhh 
 Shit, wait a minute, I mean skull 
 My knife seems dull, pull another one out, uh 
  
 [Pre-Chorus] 
 Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart 
 Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't 
 Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya? 
 Girl, you think you're so smart 
 Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark 
  
 [Chorus] 
 A world so dark, a world so cold 
 A world where on-ly some will go 
 But none return, when will they learn? 
 Where do they go? God only knows 
 Stay wide awake 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 So dark and so cold, my friends don't know this other side of me 
 There's a monster inside of me, it's quite ugly and it frightens me 
 But they can't see what I can see, there's a vacancy in my tummy 
 It's making me play hide-and-seek like Jason, I'm so hungry 
 She's naked, see, no privacy, but I can see she wants me 
 So patient, see, I try to be, but gee, why does she taunt me? 
 Pulls the drapes and she goes right to sleep 
 And I creep right through the front, see 
 So blatantly, but silently 'cause I know that she's sound 'sleep 
 "Who's waking me so violently, and why's he on top of me?" 
 "He's raping me," she tries to scream 
 "Somebody please get him off me 
 He's taping me, he's biting me, he's laughing like it's funny" 
 She's scraping me, she's fighting me 
 She's scratching like some dumb freak 
 Escaping me, no dice, you see, I might just be Ted Bundy 
 Or Satan, gee, what a sight to see, I'm dancing in my red panties 
 I'm crazy, but it's alright with me, man, life can be so empty 
 Stay away from me 'cause I'm dancing 
 To quite a different drum beat 
  
 [Pre-Chorus] 
 Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart 
 Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't 
 Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya? 
 Girl, you think you're so smart 
 Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark 
  
 [Chorus] 
 A world so dark, a world so cold 
 A world where on-ly some will go 
 But none return, when will they learn? 
 Where do they go? God only knows 
 Stay wide awake 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Better try to stay wide awake 
 Or you might end up found dead by the lake 
 Soon as you lay me down to sleep 
 Bitch, your soul I'mma try to take 
 Pray for light of day right away 
 Why do they try to fight today? 
 I must make them pay twice as much 
 Might as well put the knife away 
 Now I use power tools, how 'bout now, are you in the shower? 
 Scour you for six hours 'til outage of power outlets 
 How did you figure out I was down in your basement? Now ya 
 Must've just heard the sound of my stomach 
 Growling from down there 
 Prowler, there's no one fouler 
 Bound ya, that's how they found ya 
 Face down in the tub, I drown ya 
 With piles of downers around ya 
 Such nostalgia and power, such prowess, look how you cower 
 Jump out on you now like I was a Jawa from fuckin' Star Wars 
 Jabba the Hutt, biddy-bye-bye 
 Biddy-bye-bye, it's time to die-die 
 Ought to not even bother to scream, it don't even matter 
 Amazing when grazing skin with these razor blades he waves at ya 
 Not ya everyday Damien, bathe me in holy water 
 Nothing like Son of Sam, so please understand 
 There's no gun in hand 
 Where's the thrill in the hunt? 
 There's no fun in that, here I come with axe 
 Fun to act like lumberjack when I'm hacking 'em up with that 
 What was that? Dial 9-1-1, someone's coming in from the back 
  
 [Pre-Chorus] 
 Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart 
 Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't 
 Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya? 
 Girl, you think you're so smart 
 Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark 
  
 [Chorus] 
 A world so dark, a world so cold 
 A world where on-ly some will go 
 But none return, when will they learn? 
 Where do they go? God only knows 
 Stay wide awake[Chorus: RBX] 
 Remember me? Seven executions 
 Remember me? I have no remorse 
 Remember me? I'm high-powered 
 Remember me? I drop bombs, like Hiroshima 
  
 [Verse 1: RBX] 
 For this one, they scream "X, you retarded?!" 
 'Cause I grab the mic and get down like syndrome 
 Hide and roam into the masses 
 Without boundaries, which qualifies me 
 For the term “universal” without no rehearsal 
 I leak words that's controversial 
 Like I'm not the one you wanna contest, see 
 'Cause I'll hit your ass like the train did that bitch 
 That got banned from TV, heavyweight getup 
 Hit you, watch your whole head split up 
 Loco is the motion, we comin' through 
 Hollow-tips is the lead the .45 threw 
  
 [Chorus: Sticky Fingaz] 
 Remember me? Throw ya gunz in the air! 
 Remember me? Slam! Slam! 
 Remember me? Nigga, bacdafucup! 
 Remember me? Chka-chka-Onyx! 
  
 [Verse 2: Sticky Fingaz] 
 Niggas that take no for an answer get told no 
 Yeah, I been told no, but it was more like “No! No! No!” 
 Life's a bitch, met her, fuck you if you let her 
 Better come better than better to be a competitor 
 This vet is ahead of the shit, it's all redder, you deader and deader 
 A medic instead of the cheddars and credda 
 Settle vendetta with metal Beretta from ghetto to ghetto 
 Evidence, nope, never leave a shred of 
 I got the soul of every rapper in me, love me or hate me 
 My mom's got raped by the industry and made me 
 I'm the illest nigga ever, I told you 
 I get more pussy than them dyke bitches Total 
 Want beef, nigga? Pbbt, you better dead that shit 
 My name should be Can't-Believe-That-Nigga-Said-That-Shit 
 Probably sayin' he ain't a killer, but I'm killin' myself 
 Smoke death, fuck bitches raw on the kitchen floor 
 So think what I'ma do to you, have done to you 
 Got niggas in my hood who'd do that shit for a blunt or two 
 What you wanna do? Cocksuckers, we Glock busters 
 'Til the cops cuff us, gon' start ruckus and drop blockbusters 
 Round the clock hustlers, you cannot touch us 
 I'm gettin' wires, niggas wantin' me dead 
 Wantin' my head, you think it could be somethin' I said? 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Remember me? I just don't give a fuck! 
 Remember me? Yeah, fuck you too! 
 Remember me? I'm low down and I'm shifty! 
 Remember me? I'm Shady! 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem (& Dr. Dre)] 
 When I go out, I'ma go out shootin' 
 I don't mean when I die, I mean when I go out to the club, stupid! 
 I'm tryin' to clean up my fuckin' image 
 So I promised the fuckin' critics 
 I wouldn't say “fuckin'” for six minutes 
 Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on! 
 My baby's mom, bitch made me an angry blonde 
 So I made me a song, killed her and put Hailie on 
 I may be wrong, I keep thinkin' these crazy thoughts 
 In my cranium, but I'm stuck with a crazy mom 
 Is she really on as much dope as you say she's on? 
 Came home and somebody musta broke in the back window 
 And stole two loaded machine guns and both of my trench coats 
 Six sick dreams of picnic scenes 
 Two kids, sixteen, with M-16's and ten clips each 
 And them shits reach through six kids each 
 And Slim gets blamed in Bill Clint's speech to fix these streets?! 
 Fuck that! Pbbt, you faggots can vanish to volcanic ash 
 And reappear in hell with a can of gas and a match 
 Aftermath, Dre, grab the gat, show 'em where it's at! 
 (What the fuck you starin' at, nigga?) 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 Don't you remember me? 
 Remember me? Remember me? 
 Remember me? (Slim Shady!)[Intro] 
 I can almost taste it 
 This shit makes no sense to me 
 What does it all mean? 
 I can almost taste it 
 I can almost see it 
 This shit makes no sense to me 
 What does it all mean? 
 I can almost taste it 
 I can almost taste it 
  
 [Spoken: Eminem] 
 Yeah, can't stop now 
 This might be the last chance I get to be famous 
 (I just wanna be famous) 
  
 [Chorus: Liz Rodrigues & Eminem] 
 You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces 
 You cannot fill these shoes, there is too much to lose 
 Wake up behind these trenches, you run around defenseless 
 There is too much to lose, you cannot fill these shoes 
 I just wanna be famous, but... 
 Be careful what you wish for 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist 
 They call me Slim Roethlisberger 
 I go berserker than a fed-up post office worker 
 I murk her with a Mossberg, I'm pissed off, get murdered 
 Like someone took a ketchup squirter, squirted a frankfurter 
 For a gangster, you sure did shit your pants 
 When you saw the chainsaw get to waving like a terrible towel 
 How thangs turn around when his fangs come out 
 Get your brains blown out, that's what I call blowin' your mind 
 When I come back, like nut on your spine 
 I'm a thumb tack that you slept on, son 
 Now here I come, screaming "Attack!" like I just stepped on one 
 Low on the totem 'til he showed 'em defiance, giant scrotum 
 He don't owe them bitches shit, his britches, he outgrowed 'em 
 He's so out cold, he's knocked out at the South Pole 
 And nobody fucks with him, rigor mortis and post mortem 
 He's dyin' of boredom 
 Take your best rhymes, record 'em, then try to thwart him 
 He'll just take your punch lines and snort 'em 
 Shit-stained drawers, you gon' fuck with a guy 
 Who licks the blades of his chainsaws 
 While he dips 'em in P.F. Chang's sauce? 
 Game's up, homie, hang it up like some crank calls 
 You think I'm backin' down? 
 You must be out of your dang skulls; I'm almost famous 
  
 [Chorus: Liz Rodrigues & Eminem] 
 You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces 
 You cannot fill these shoes, there is too much to lose 
 Wake up behind these trenches, you run around defenseless 
 There is too much to lose, you cannot fill these shoes 
 I just wanna be famous, but... 
 Be careful what you wish for 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I'm back for revenge, I lost a battle, that ain't happenin' again 
 I'm at your throat like strep, I step, strapped with a pen 
 Metaphors wrote on my hand, some are just stored in my memory 
 Some I wrote on a napkin; I do what I have to to win 
 Pullin' out all stops, any who touch a mic prior's 
 Not even Austin Powers, how the fuck are they Mike Myers? 
 And tell that psycho to pass the torch to the wacko 
 'Fore I take a shit in his Jack-O-Lantern and smash it on his porch 
 Now get off my dick! 'Dick''s too short of a word for my dick 
 Get off my antidisestablishmentarianism, you prick! 
 Don't call me the Champ, call me the Space Shuttle Destroyer 
 I just blew up the Challenger; matter fact, I need a lawyer 
 I just laced my gloves with enough plaster to make a cast 
 Beat his ass naked and peed in his corner like Verne Troyer 
 Y'all are Eminem backwards: you're Mini Mes 
 See, he's in a whole nother weight class 
 He's slugs, you're BBs: you're bean-bag bullets 
 You're full of it, you were dissin' his CD's, laughed at Infinite 
 Now he's back like someone pissed in his Wheaties 
 No peace treaties, he's turned into a beast 
 His new Slim Shady EP's got the attention of the mighty D.R.E 
 He's almost famous 
  
 [Chorus: Liz Rodrigues & Eminem] 
 You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces 
 You cannot fill these shoes, there is too much to lose 
 Wake up behind these trenches, you run around defenseless 
 There is too much to lose, you cannot fill these shoes 
 I just wanna be famous, but... 
 Be careful what you wish for 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Now there he goes in Dre's studio, cuppin' his balls 
 Screamin' the wood off the panelin', cussin' the paint off the walls 
 Spewin' his hate to these haters, showin' no love for these broads 
 He ain't givin' them shit, he says he'll pinch a penny so hard 
 He'll leave a bruise on the bronze so dark you can see the mark 
 With the scars, 'til Abraham Lincoln is screamin' out, "Ahh!" 
 These metaphors and similes ain't similar to them, not at all 
 If they don't like it, they can all get fucked 
 Instead of suckin' him off 
 They can go get a belt or a neck tie to hang themselves by 
 Like David Carradine, they can go fuck themselves and just die 
 And eat shit while they at it, he's fuckin' had it 
 He's mad at the whole world 
 So go to hell and build a snowman, girl 
 The bullies become bullied, and pussies get pushed 
 Then they better pull me, take me back to 9th grade to school me 
 'Cause I ain't lookin' back, only forward, this whole spot blowin' 
 Who coulda known he'd grow to be a poet and not know it? 
 And while I'm bein' poetic, let me get it stoic and raise the bar 
 Higher than my opinion of these women's been lowered 
 So bear witness to some biblical shit, there's a cold wind blowin' 
 This world ain't gonna know what hit it 
 He did it, he made it, he's finally famous[Intro: Eminem & Sly Jordan] 
 Like a verbal seduction when 
 Seduction when I tell 'em girls on the star 
 I don't know, man (Geh-geh-geh) 
 Just feels like we're a lot different (Right now) 
 (Girls on the star) It kinda feels like (Like a verbal seduction when) 
 I'm on a whole different page right now than you (Girls on the star) 
 It feels strange, but umm (Girls on the star) 
 I guess it's kinda like, it's kinda like... 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I feel like I'm morphin' into somethin' that's so incredible 
 That I'm dwarfin' all competitors 
 Better get your girlfriend in check 
 It's psychological warfare, endorphins I effect 
 Your self-esteem shatters as dialect comes blastin' out your deck 
 She loves me, such passion, you'd expect 
 This sort of reaction from her, yet you strong-arm 
 You're fuckin' corny, you try to turn your charm on 
 'Cause you just think you're Bishop the Don Juan 
 But if you think that you're fuckin' with me, homie, you're on one 
 I'm cockin' my head back like Ed Lover, "C'mon, son!" 
 She's on my Johnson, she brings my name up constant 
 Your boys are like, "She's fuckin' with dude, she wants some" 
 Homeboy, you better get a clue 
 She's on my dick 'cause I spit better than you 
 What you expect her to do? 
 How you expect her to act in the sack when she's closin' her eyes 
 Fantasizin' of diggin' her nails in my back to this track? 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem & Sly Jordan] 
 Seduction, seduce 
 Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do 
 (It's like a verbal seduction when) 
 'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't 
 She's been stolen from you 
 (It's like a verbal seduction when) 
 Seduction, seduce 
 Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do 
 'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't 
 She's been stolen from you 
 (It's like a verbal seduction when) 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 She's sittin' there gettin' liquored up at the bar 
 She says it's quicker to count the things that ain't wrong with you 
 Than to count the things that are 
 There's a seven-disc CD changer in her car 
 And I'm in every single slot, and you're not — aww! 
 I'm the logo on that Dallas Cowboy helmet: a star 
 And I'm not about to sit back 
 And just keep rhymin' one syllable — naw! 
 Switch it up and watch them haters not give it up 
 'Cause they're just not good enough, but I'm not givin' up 
 'Til I get my respect and I won't stop 'til I get enough 
 'Cause I'm not livin' up to my own expectations (Aww!) 
 That hater alarm is soundin' off 
 And Obama took the bomb from my name (Aww!) 
 So quit cryin' that I took your dame, homie, she's my dame (Aww!) 
 You sadly mistaken if you thinkin' that I'm not on my game, boy 
 And things just ain't been the same since the day that I came forth 
 You wear your heart on your sleeve, I sport that white tank, boy 
 But you got a hard-on for me, what you hollerin' my name for? 
 It's your bitch on my dick, ain't my dang fault, man, I can't call it 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem & Sly Jordan] 
 Seduction, seduce 
 Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do 
 (It's like a verbal seduction when) 
 'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't 
 She's been stolen from you 
 (It's like a verbal seduction when) 
 Seduction, seduce 
 Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do 
 'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't 
 She's been stolen from you 
 (It's like a verbal seduction when) 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 It's like we're playin' lyrical tug of war with your ear 
 You hear it, girl? Come here 
 Put your ear up to the speaker, dear 
 While I freak this world premiere 
 Seducin' her, loosen up 
 With a little freestyle that'll— wait, am I losin' ya? 
 Am I makin' you look bad? Well, I got news for ya 
 Homie, you losin' her 
 Oh wait, she don't like when I spit it fast 
 Am I tryin' to show how? Let me slow it down some 
 It's still gonna be a blow-out 
 You're gonna wanna throw out your whole album 
 Rummage through the shit and try to salvage somethin' to see 
 If you can save any of it, punk, but none of it's fuckin' with me 
 Prick, you really feelin' that bullshit? 
 You think you killin' them syllables? Quit 
 Playin', these beats ain't nothin' to fool with 
 They call me Fire Marshall: I shut the shit down 
 Your entire arsenal is not enough to fuck with one round 
 I am also the opposite of what you are like 
 You're a microcosm of what the fuck I am on the mic 
 I am awesome and you are just awe-struck 
 She's love-stricken, she's got her jaw stuck 
 From suckin' my dick... aw, fuck 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem & Sly Jordan] 
 Seduction, seduce 
 Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do 
 (It's like a verbal seduction when) 
 'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't 
 She's been stolen from you 
 (It's like a verbal seduction when) 
 Seduction, seduce 
 Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do 
 'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't 
 She's been stolen from you 
 (It's like a verbal seduction when)[Hook: Eminem] 
 Chem-le-le-le-le-le-le-le, le-le, le-le 
 Chem-le-le-le-ne-miah-nuf-niah, ne-nish, ne-nish 
 Translation: 
 So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit 
 ‘Cause I was high when I wrote this, so suck my dick! 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Two pills I pop, 'til my pupils swell up like two pennies 
 I'm Clint Eastwood in his mid-twenties 
 A young-ass man with a trash can, strapped to the back 
 Of his ass so the rats can't chew through his last pants 
 I'm like a mummy at night, fightin' with bright lightnin' 
 And frightened with five little white Vicodin pills bitin' him 
 I'm like a fuckin' wasp in the hospital, lost 
 Stingin' the fuck outta everything I come across in the halls 
 I light a candle and place it up on the mantel 
 Grab a knife at the blade and stab you with the fuckin' handle 
 So when you find yourself wrapped up in the blinds, hurtin' 
 (Bitch, it's too late) 
 ‘Cause once you're hung from the drapes, it's curtains 
  
 [Verse 2: Swifty] 
 I'm an instigator, .380 slug penetrator 
 Degradin', creatin' murders to kill haters 
 Accused for every crime known through the equator 
 They knew I did it for havin' blood on my 'gators 
 My weed'll hit your chest like a double barrel gauge and 
 I'm a black grenade that'll blow up in yo' face 
 With a fifth in me, when I guzzle Remy I do shit on purpose 
 You never hear me say, "Forgive me" 
 I'm snatchin' every penny, it gotta be that way, nigga, face it 
 That weed I sold to you, Brigade laced it 
 You hidin', I make the President get a facelift 
 Niggas just afraid, handin' me they bracelets 
 Chillin' in the lab wasted, I'm the type 
 That'll drink Kahlua and gin, throw up on the mic 
 Your life is ruined, you get socked right on sight 
 And even at the Million Man March, we gon' fight 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit 
 ‘Cause I was high when I wrote this, so suck my dick! 
 ‘Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like my shit 
 ‘Cause I was high when I wrote this, so suck my dick! 
  
 [Verse 3: Bizarre] 
 I'm a compulsive liar, settin' my preacher on fire 
 Slashin' your tires, flyin' down Fenkell and Meyers 
 Plates expired, soon as I'm hired I'm fired 
 Jackin' my dick off in a bed of barbed wire 
 (Hey, is Bizarre performin'?) Bitch, didn't you read the flyer? 
 The special invited guest will be Richard Pryor 
 (Aren't you a male dancer?) No, bitch, I'm retired 
 Fuckin' your bitch in the ass with a tire iron 
 I'm ripped, I'm on an acid trip 
 My DJ's in a coma for lettin' the record skip 
 Lettin' the record skip, lettin' the record skip (Damn!) 
 I'm fuckin' anything when I'm snortin' 
 It's gonna cost 300 dollars to get my pitbull an abortion 
 Some bitch asked for my autograph 
 I called her a whore, spit beer in her face and laughed 
 I drop bombs like I was in Vietnam 
 All bitches is hoes, even my stinkin'-ass mom 
  
 [Verse 4: Proof] 
 Ayo, flashback, two feets, two deep up in that ass crack 
 Weed laced with somethin'– nigga, pass that! 
 In Amsterdam we only hang out with hash rats 
 At a "Stop the Violence" rally, I blast gats 
 BMI on publishin'; get yo' ass capped 
 The Kuniva, divide up yo' cash stack 
 Run yo' motherfuckin' pockets, ASAP 
 I don't need a platinum chain, bitch, I snatched Shaq's 
 Born loser, half thief and half black 
 Bring your boys and your guns and get laughed at 
 Bitch smacker, rich rappers get they Jag jacked 
 And found chopped up in a trash bag 
  
 [Verse 5: Kuniva] 
 We stranglin' rappers until the point they can't yell 
 ‘Cause they crew is full of fags and sweeter than bake sales 
 Reckless, come from behind and snatch your necklace 
 Gruesome, and causin' more violence than nine hoodlums 
 I grapple your Adam's apple until it crackle 
 Run right past you, turn around, grab you and stab you 
 Get executed, ‘cause I'm a Luni, I got a Yukmouth 
 And it's polluted; I cock it back, then shoot it 
 I love snatchin' up players, thugs and young ballers 
 Shoot up the household, even the young toddlers 
 Brigade barricade to bring the noise 
 While the bullets break your bones up like Christmas toys 
 If I go solo, I'm doin' a song with Bolo 
 A big Chinese nigga screamin', "Kuniva, yo, yo!" 
 I leave ya face leakin', run up in church 
 And smack the preacher while he's preachin' 
 Take a swing at the deacon 
  
 [Verse 6: Kon Artis] 
 I used to tell cats that I sold weed and weight 
 I was straight 'til I got caught sellin' them shake 
 I'm ignorant, with the intent to snatch your rent 
 I got kicked out of summer camp for havin' sex in my tent 
 With the superintendent's daughter, my brain's out of order 
 I've been a Kon Artis since I was swimmin' in water 
 In cahoots with this nigga named Carlisle Von 
 Who got fired from UPS for tryin' to send you a bomb 
 (Special delivery) I sign to a local label for fun 
 Say I got cancer, get dropped, take the advancement and run 
 Drive-by you in the rain while you carry your son 
 Call your house and hang up on you for not givin' me none 
 Born straight up out a pussy but a son of a gun 
 Got a reputation for havin' niggas runnin' they funds 
 Used to be the type of nigga that was foldin' some ones 
 'Til I met your fat mama, now I'm rollin' in dough 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit 
 ‘Cause I was high when I wrote this, so suck my dick! 
 ‘Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like my shit 
 ‘Cause I was high when I wrote this, so suck my dick! 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 Ha-ha! Suck my motherfuckin' dick! 
 D12, Dirty-motherfuckin'-Dozen 
 Nasty like a stank slut bitch with thirty fuckin' husbands 
 Bizarre Kid, Swifty McVay, the Kon Artis 
 The Kuniva, Derty Harry, and Slim Shady[Intro] 
 Yeah 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 
 Okay 
 Alright, a'ight, a'ight, a'ight, a'ight 
 Yo, yo 
 Alright, I'mma lay the chorus first 
 Here we go now 
  
 [Chorus] 
 My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs 
 That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her 
 Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs 
 That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 My mom, my mom, I know you're probably tired 
 Of hearing 'bout my mom, oh-ho, whoa-ho 
 But this is just a story of when I was just a shorty 
 And how I became hooked on Va-aliu-um 
 Valium was in everything, food that I ate 
 The water that I drank, fuckin' peas on my plate 
 She sprinkled just enough of it to season my steak 
 So every day I'd have at least three stomachaches 
 Now tell me, what kind of mother would want to see her 
 Son grow up to be an undera-fuckin'-chiever? 
 My teacher didn't think I was gonna be nothin' either 
 "What the fuck you stickin' gum up under the fucking seat for?" 
 "Mrs. Mathers, your son has been huffing ether 
 Either that or the motherfucker's been puffin' reefer" 
 But all this huffin' and puffin' wasn't what it was either 
 It was neither, I was buzzing but it wasn't what she thought 
 Pee in a teacup? Bitch, you ain't my keeper, I'm sleeping 
 What the fuck you keep on fucking with me for? 
 Slut, you need to leave me the fuck alone, I ain't playin' 
 Go find you a white crayon and color a fucking zebra 
  
 [Chorus] 
 My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs 
 That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her 
 Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs 
 That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Wait a minute, this ain't dinner, this is paint thinner 
 "You ate it yesterday, I ain't hear no complaints, did I? 
 Now here's a plate full of painkillers 
 Now just wait 'til I crush the Valium and put it in your potatoes 
 You little motherfucker, I'll make you sit there and make 
 That retarded fucking face without even tasting it 
 You better lick the fucking plate, you ain't wasting it 
 Put your face in it 'fore I throw you in the basement again 
 And I ain't givin' in, you're gonna just sit there 
 In one fucking place, finnickin' 'til next Thanksgiving 
 And if you still ain't finished it I'll use the same shit again 
 Then when I make spinach dip it'll be placed in the shit 
 You little shit, wanna sit there and play innocent? 
 A rack fell and hit me in K-Mart and they witnessed it 
 Child support, your father, he ain't sent the shit 
 And so what if he did? It's none of your dang business, kid" 
  
 [Bridge 1] 
 My mom 
 There's no one else quite like my mom 
 I know I should let bygones be bygones 
 But she's the reason why I am high what I'm high on 
  
 [Chorus] 
 'Cause my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs 
 That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her 
 Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs 
 That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom 
  
 [Bridge 2] 
 My mom loved Valium, now all I am 
 Is a party animal, I am what I am 
 But I'm strong to the finish with me Valium spinach 
 But my buzz only lasts about two minutes 
 But I don't wanna swallow it without chewin' it 
 I can't even write a rhyme without you in it 
 My Valium, my Vaaaaaa-liummmm, ohh 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Man, I never thought that I could ever be 
 A drug addict, naw, fuck that, I can't have it happen to me 
 But that's actually what has ended up happening 
 A tragedy, the fucking past ended up catching me 
 And it's probably where I got acquainted with the taste, ain't it? 
 Pharmaceuticals are the bomb, Mom, beautiful 
 She killed the fuckin' dog with the medicine she done fed it 
 Feed it a fuckin' aspirin and say that it has a headache 
 "Here, want a snack? You hungry, you fuckin' brat? 
 Look at that, it's a Xanax, take it and take a nap, eat it" 
 But I don't need it "Well fuck it then, break it up 
 Take a little piece and beat it before you wake Nathan up" 
 Alright Ma, you win, I don't feel like arguin' 
 I'll do it, pop and gobble it and start wobblin' 
 Stumble, hobble, tumble, slip, trip, then I fall in bed 
 With a bottle of meds and a Heath Ledger bobblehead 
  
 [Chorus] 
 My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs 
 That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her 
 Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs 
 That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom 
  
 [Outro] 
 My mom, I'm just like her 
 My mom, my mom, my mom 
 My mom, my mom, my mom 
 My mom, my mom, my mom 
 My mom, my momma 
 Me momma, I like-a da momma 
 Haha, sorry Mom 
 I still love you though 
 Dr. Dre, 2010 
 Ay, this shit is hella hard, homie 
 Yo, take us on outta here 
 Woo![Verse 1: Eminem ] 
 Girl, you give me writer's block, I'm at a loss for words 
 Uhh, my mind's as lost as yours 
 I rack my brain but still no thoughts emerge 
 Never seen no ass as large as yours 
 How much that cost? That's what I call a Roethlissplurge 
 You drive me bonkers, I’m about to get my swerve on for sure 
 Thought I was pimpin' 'til I felt like Nas, the first 
 Date 'cause I think I gave you power 
 When I gave you flowers in a vase 
 A box of chocolates, throat lozengers, cough drops and Certs 
 Probably shoulda never let me call that job of yours 
 To talk to your boss and ask him if you can take off from work 
 Shoulda been one of the first signs to cause alert 
 Man, we jumped in too fast 
 'Cause since then I just can't be apart from her 
 'Cause nobody's body's awesomer 
 I lust it and she loves me 'cause I'm popular 
 But you know this ain't love 
  
 [Hook: Jamie N Commons and (Eminem)] 
 You know this ain't love, oh no 
 You know this ain't love, oh no 
 (What is it then?) 
 It's desperation (She's looking for Mr. Right 
 Wants me to be that guy to her) 
 It's desperation (I can't even put up a fight 
 'Cause I give in at the sight of her) 
 (And I here I go again) 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem ] 
 You were obviously oblivious to me 
 I swore I was just invisible to you 
 'Til I went to the lengths I did to meet you 
 'Cause you played so hard to get with me from 
 The beginning, now I'm in disbelief, I 
 Never knew that this could be such misery, ah 
 'Cause now you see nothing but me 
 And I don't see nothing but you 
 And I'm about to flip 'cause we are – super glued in 
 We stuck to each other's hips and we can't 
 Do anything individually, which is to cling on 
 Scared to be alone, can't specifically describe it 
 I just can't seem to give a reason 
 That's definitive, just need ya 
 Talkin' about I live and breathe ya 
 And you pretend to be as mentally and physically 
 Addicted to me as Wiz Khalifa is to reefer 
 Don't wanna be without you 
 Don't wanna be with you neither 
 Bitch, put me in a situation in which it's both I wish to seek 
 'Cause this ain't love 
  
 [Hook: Jamie N Commons and (Eminem)] 
 You know this ain't love, oh no 
 You know this ain't love, oh no 
 (What is it then?) 
 It's desperation (She's looking for Mr. Right 
 Wants me to be that guy to her) 
 It's desperation (I can't even put up a fight 
 'Cause I give in at the sight of her) 
 (And I here I go again) 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem ] 
 Just want you to myself 
 Don't wanna share you with no one else 
 "What the fuck you whisperin' for? 
 You get on my nerves, you make me sick 
 I think our relationship, it seems to be on the fritz 
 I mean it's time that we just split and leave the 
 Games behind, your frame of mind ain't the same as mine 
 I think you need to finish developing a 
 Little more mentally to get the picture." 
 That's a negative, Alicia, I will never give the keys up 
 To the crib ever again, no Visa 
 Not even a gift certificate from Tiffany's 
 You better have an epiphany, slut 
 Guess what? The lease up 
 I'm just mad the time it took to discover 
 You were usin' me for loot like I used you for looks 
 Oh, thought you was too good for me, huh? 
 Yeah, toots, used to be my Carrie Underwood 
 I was your lumberjack 
 But I can't stomach this, I'm leavin' you, I'm not comin' back 
 She said, "The fuck with that! 
 Where's my Louisville Slugger at?" 
 She grabbed that fuckin' bat 
 And swung it at my head, I barely ducked and that's 
 Right when she came up with a kick to the nuts twice 
 Steel toe, girl probably coulda put a 100-yard field goal 
 Through the uprights 
  
 [Hook: Jamie N Commons and (Eminem)] 
 You know this ain't love, oh no 
 You know this ain't love, oh no 
 (What is it then?) 
 It's desperation (She's looking for Mr. Right 
 Wants me to be that guy to her) 
 It's desperation (I can't even put up a fight 
 'Cause I give in at the sight of her) 
 (And I here I go again)[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I roll over and go to reach for you, you're gone 
 This bed's empty without you 
 You said you're moving on 
 But I'm having some trouble getting there 
 But dwelling ain't getting me, uhh, anywhere 
 Fuckin' Valentine's Day 
 Fuck February, stuffed teddy bear, guts everywhere 
 Machete on the floor, I smashed up every mirror 
 Yeah, how do I look? 
 You fuckin' just left me here to die didn't you? 
 Why didn't you respond yet? 
 I've written you five or six different times and 
 I'm gettin' sick and tired of always apologizing to you 
 I didn't do shit to deserve what you're puttin' me through 
 This couldn't be true, we can't be over 
 So violets are blue, roses are red 
 Why is it everything I do I'm reminded of you? 
  
 [Hook: Kobe] 
 Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night 
 I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointed toward the light 
 Saw my old sweetheart she said, "honey, I'm back" 
 Just so you don't die alone, just so you don't die alone 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Guess I gotta deal with the fact that, you ain't never comin' back 
 Now every woman that I look at I'm lookin' for you 
 So I'm findin' something the matter with them 
 Excuse to not see anyone 
 Useless, rather pick up the phone, not at all, followin' protocol 
 I get bold like bowling balls 
 Grow balls and go to call to talk, forget what I want to say 
 Damnit I'm drawin' blanks like I'm playin' hangman 
 I'm sick of playin' these games, I can't handle this heartbreak 
 It's makin' me wanna blow out my brains 
 Like birthday cake candles 
 Hang up the phone and I shake, I think I may have made a mistake 
 Can't escape the madness 
 Turn the radio on, I hate this sad song 
 But I can't even change the station 
 The same one's playin' on eight channels 
 I lay awake in shambles, I'm startin to hallucinate 
 I'm havin' all these visions of us at each other's wakes 
 In caskets and suddenly I wake and that's when I know I 
  
 [Hook: Kobe] 
 Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night 
 I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointed toward the light 
 Saw my old sweetheart she said, "honey, I'm back" 
 Just so you don't die alone, just so you don't die alone 
  
 [Bridge: Kobe] 
 Give me one more, bottle for the pain 
 Give me one more for the memories 
 Give me one more, I'll make it taste like a steak 
 It'll help alleviate 
 It'll soothe this ache 
 Of trying to fake 
 That she's really, she's really coming back 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 And it's been a while now, but I finally realize how 
 Much reality sucks, but it's just something about our love 
 I'm still in denial now, dealing with the finality of 
 And it's making me crazy thinking of the days we, spent 
 And how I'll never hold you again 
 And there ain't shit I can do about it 
 Now my head is overcrowded 
 With these clouded memories and I can't seem to get you out it 
 And how the fuck do you sleep comfortably 
 Knowing what you done did to me, huh? 
 Did it even occur to you that I loved you? 
 Completely, deep, and madly head over heels for you 
 Was you and me, once used to be together forever 
 It was supposed to be us, but you crushed the dream 
 We was supposed to die together, and it's killing me so much 
 When I sleep I wake up dead, must be why I 
  
 [Hook: Kobe] 
 Saw two white coffins in my dreams last night 
 I saw my Lord Jesus with his hands pointed toward the light 
 Saw my old sweetheart she said, "honey, I'm back" 
 Just so you don't die alone, just so you don't die alone[Intro] 
 You know, critics, man 
 Critics never got nothin' nice to say, man 
 You know, the one thing I notice about critics, man 
 Is critics never ask me how my day went 
 Well, I'ma tell 'em 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Augh, yesterday my dog died 
 I hog tied a ho, tied her in a bow 
 Said: "Next time you blog, try to spit a flow." 
 You wanna criticize, dog? Try a little mo' 
 I'm so tired of this I could blow, fire in the hole 
 I'm fired up, so fire up the lighter and the dro 
 Better hold on a little tighter, here I go 
 Flows tighter, hot-headed as Ghost Rider 
 Cold-hearted as Spiderman throwing a spider in the snow 
 So you better get lower than Florida 
 Inside of a lowrider with no tires, in a hole 
 Why am I like this? Why is winter cold? 
 Why is it when I talk I'm so biased to the hoes? 
 Listen, dog, Christmas is off, this is as soft as it gets 
 This isn't golf, this is a blistering assault 
 Those are your wounds, this is the salt, so get lost 
 Shit, dissin' me is just like pissin' off the Wizard of Oz 
 Wrap a lizard in gauze 
 Beat you in the jaws with it, grab the scissors and saws 
 And cut out your livers, gizzards, and balls 
 Throw you in the middle of the ocean in a blizzard with Jaws 
 So sip piss like sizzurp through a straw 
 Then describe how it tasted like dessert to us all 
 Got the gall to make Chris piss in his drawers 
 Tickle him, go to his grave, skip him, and visit his dog 
  
 [Chorus] 
 (You're on fire) That's how you know you're on a roll 
 'Cause when you're hot its like you're burning up everyone else's cold 
 (You're on fire) Man, I'm so fuckin' sick 
 I got ambulances pullin' me over and shit 
 (You're on fire) You need to stop, drop, and roll 
 'Cause when you say the shit to get the whole hip-hop shop to blow 
 (You're on fire) 
 (You're on fire) 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I just put a bullshit hook in between two long-ass verses 
 If you mistook this for a song, look, this ain't a song 
 It's a warning to Brooke Hogan and David Cook 
 That the crook just took over, so book 
 Run as fast as you can, stop writing and kill it 
 I'm lightning in a skillet, you're a fuckin' flash in the pan 
 I pop up, you bitches scatter like hot grease splashing a fan 
 Mr. Mathers is the man, yeah, I'm pissed 
 But I would rather take this energy and stash it in a can 
 Come back and whip your ass with it again 
 Saliva's like sulfuric acid in your hand 
 It'll eat through anything, metal, the ass of Iron Man 
 Turn him into plastic 
 So for you to think that you could stand a fuckin' chance is asinine 
 Yeah, ask Denaun, man 
 Hit a blind man with a coloring book 
 And told him color inside the lines or get hit with a flying crayon 
 Fuck it, I ain't playin', pull up in a van 
 And hop out on a homeless man holding a sign sayin' 
 "Vietnam vet", I'm out my fuckin' mind, man 
 Kick over the can, beat his ass, and leave him 9 grand 
 So if I seem a little mean to you 
 This ain't savage, you ain't never seen a brute 
 You wanna get graphic, we can go the scenic route 
 You couldn't make a bulimic puke 
 On a piece of fuckin' corn and peanut poop 
 Sayin' you sick, quit playin', you prick, don't nobody care 
 And why the fuck am I yellin' at air 
 I ain't even talkin' to no one, 'cause ain't nobody there 
 And nobody will fuckin' test me 
 'Cause these hoes won't even dare 
 I'm wasting punchlines, but I got so many to spare 
 I just thought of another one that might go here 
 Nah, don't waste it, save it, psycho—yeah 
 Plus you got to rewrite those lines 
 That you said about Michael's hair (Woops!) 
  
 [Chorus] 
 (You're on fire) That's how you know you're on a roll 
 'Cause when you're hot its like you're burning up everyone else's cold 
 (You're on fire) Man, I'm so hot 
 My motherfuckin' firetruck's on fire, homie 
 (You're on fire) You need to stop, drop, and roll 
 'Cause when you say the shit to get the whole hip-hop shop to blow 
 (You're on fire) Yeah 
 (You're on fire)[Intro: Eminem + Hailie] 
 Hailie, what do you want to be when you grow up, baby? 
 I don't know, but I don't want to 
 Grow up to be like Ja Rule's little dirty-ass kids 
 Ha ha, yeah, c'mon 
 G-G-G-G-G-G-G Unit 
 Hailie, come here, baby! Bring Daddy his Oscar! 
 We're gonna shove it up Ja Rule's ass 
  
 [Verse 1: Swift] 
 I'm about to get rid of some hoes, it's simple 
 I'm quick to murder ink with lead 
 And I ain't talking 'bout a pencil 
 Look at what the fuck you done got into 
 I see you found your niche, you just a bitch with a menstrual 
 Claiming you a murderer, and you spelled it wrong 
 You put E before the D, ‘cause that's all you on 
 You on Pac's dick, you a replica guy 
 If he was still alive, you would never get by 
 All you do is cry, bitch, keep it real 
 Life is more than imitating niggas and eating pills 
 And what kind of motherfucker ruins three deals 
 That another nigga got you? They didn't see skills 
 And I ain't playin', you a brother getting cheated 
 And Ja Rule be prayin' on his cover, ‘cause he need it 
 And all you niggas hating, shut your mouths! 
 It's just that real niggas ain't buying that shit y'all put out 
  
 [Verse 2: Obie Trice] 
 Doe, rae, me, but we don't sing, motherfuckers 
 So Murder Inc, do your thing, motherfuckers 
 You unleashed on a team 
 Who expects nothin' less than R&B coming from that regime 
 "Regime" is a little extreme 
 Neck and neck with soldiers, motherfuckin' Marines 
 Ja sold his soul to sing 
 Weave eye-witness team on the TV screen, chase the greed 
 Now that you've embraced the green 
 Don't fuck with the triple beams 
 You's a motherfuckin' actor, slash Pac impersonating rapper 
 Slash Billie Holiday – how it happen? 
 Artist and repertoire saw him in action 
 Pac assassination, Def Jam grabbed him 
 Told him, "Reenact him, you go platinum!" 
 They seen it for sure, I know that Afeni Shakur 
 Don't enjoy Jeffrey Atkins reenacting her boy 
 So I'm click-clackin' this toy, mash and destroy 
 Shady slash Aftermath and Detroit, motherfucker! 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 Doe rae me, fa-so-la-ti-da 
 Don't blame me ‘cause you washed up, lost your spot 
 Mama-say-mama-sa-ma-macosa 
 Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac 
 Don't hate me, I'm too hot and you're not 
 Shooting at me, with the only shot you got 
 Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac 
 You'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop 
  
 [Verse 3: Kuniva] 
 Now, we can get past the mean mugs and get to the slugs 
 To the grievance and the crying and the intimate hugs 
 We don't take you serious, nigga, you shook 
 You half of a half-way crook; get off X dick, go sing a hook! 
 Nigga, and you can't replace the late great one 
 And when you gone you only gon' be the late fake one 
 Nigga, please stick to the script 
 Before the guns stick to the clip 
 And Benzino, you ain't shit but a bitch! 
 Fuckin' old-ass, ignorant, innocent-lookin' senior citizen 
 Built up, slap you like Grimace, all sensitive 
 Wait a minute, hold on: is it me, or do he look like a banana with braids and clothes on? 
 A bitch-made man; now, how you gonna connect 
 With them short ass arms, like a Tyrannosaurus Rex 
 You niggas can scream, holler and curse 
 Go ahead and respond 
 And pull that pen and pad up outta your purse 
  
 [Verse 4: Proof] 
 Slim didn't send Proof to get at the wankstas 
 He told me to let loose and spit at the gangstas 
 What up, Gotti? And this little war you pushed on 
 Put your ear to the ground for stepping on bush stones 
 What's wrong? Didn't think we strong with real niggas? 
 Roll like a boss, in the streets they still feel us 
 It's real business, y'all ain't caught the concept 
 You talking nonsense to walking bomb threats 
 Contact was blown by Benzetta in The Source 
 Threaten at the boss, you gon' see me on your porch 
 Now Irv got the nerve to try to serve on us 
 But Detroit niggas early and ain't scurred to bust 
  
 [Verse 5: Kon Artis] 
 Word to my nigga Bugz, punks like you get beat up 
 Stomped unconscious and smacked with the heater 
 This rap cookie monster gets jabbed in the tonsils 
 With dicks so much that he should be fixed with a vagina 
 Who's behind ya? Cadillac Pac or that transvestite? 
 That dress like a Lil Kim fox 
 You're just like a little windbox 
 Press tight on the trigger of this Glock 
 Swallow that little shit you got left to help you eat 
 You knock Pac's songs without love to help you sleep 
 You got shot in your video trying mock Pac 
 You Mockaveli; get your own identity! 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 Doe rae me, fa-so-la-ti-da 
 Don't blame me ‘cause you washed up, lost your spot 
 Mama-say-mama-sa-ma-macosa 
 Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac 
 Don't hate me, I'm too hot and you're not 
 Shooting at me, with the only shot you got 
 Ja, quit playin', knock it off, you're not 2Pac 
 You'll get popped poppin' all that shit you pop 
  
 [Over hook] 
 Don't you never say my little girl's name in a song again 
 Fuckin' punk-pussy bitch! I'll fuck you up, boy! Never! 
 Don't you never in your motherfuckin' life… 
 I'll choke the shit out of you little motherfuckin' midget 
 Hailie'll whip your motherfuckin' ass 
  
 [Outro: Obie Trice] 
 That's right, motherfuckers 
 Shady records, what you know about it? 
 Fuck Benzino! Fuck Ja Rule! 
 Nigga, this Obie Trice right here talkin' to you motherfuckers 
 Ja Rule punk ass, yeah, fuckin' Soul 4 Real ass 
 Nigga, that's Soul 4 Real 
 That the nigga from Soul 4 Real! 
 Candy Rain-ass nigga, he got a deal, now he rappin' 
 You don't know what's, faggot-ass motherfuckers 
 Get money to all my real niggas, man 
 Obie Trice, D-12, G Unit, 50 Cent, Hailie Jade 
  
 [Outro: Hailie and Eminem] 
 Daddy, is Ja Rule taller than me? 
 No, honey, you guys are the same size[Produced by Bass Brothers] 
  
 [Intro] 
 Baby, your dada loves you 
 And I'ma always be here for you no matter what happens 
 You're all I got in this world 
 I would never give you up for nothin' 
 Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me 
 I love you 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Come on Hai-Hai, we goin' to the beach 
 Grab a couple of toys and let Dada strap you in the car seat 
 Oh, where's Mama? She's takin' a little nap in the trunk 
 Oh, that smell? Dada musta runned over a skunk 
 Now, I know what you're thinkin', it's kinda late to go swimmin' 
 But you know your Mama, she's one of those type of women 
 That do crazy things, and if she don't get her way she'll throw a fit 
 Don't play with Dada's toy knife, honey, let go of it! (no!) 
 And don't look so upset, why you actin' bashful? 
 Don't you wanna help Dada build a sandcastle? (yeah!) 
 And Mama said she wants to show you how far she can float 
 And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat 
 It's just a little scratch – it don't hurt 
 Her was eatin' dinner while you were sweepin' 
 And spilled ketchup on her shirt 
 Mama's messy, ain't she? We'll let her wash off in the water 
 And me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we? 
  
 [Hook] 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 And when we ride 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 Just you and I 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 And when we ride 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 Just you and I 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 See, honey, there's a place called Heaven and a place called Hell 
 A place called prison and a place called jail 
 And Dada's probably on his way to all of 'em except one 
 ‘Cause Mama's got a new husband and a stepson 
 And you don't want a brother, do ya? (Nah) 
 Maybe when you're old enough 
 To understand a little better, I'll explain it to ya 
 But for now we'll just say Mama was real, real bad 
 She was bein' mean to Dad and made him real, real mad 
 But I still feel sad that I put her on timeout 
 Sit back in your chair, honey, quit tryna climb out! 
 I told you it's okay, Hai-Hai, want a ba-ba? 
 Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga? 
 Her make poo-poo ca-ca? Dada change your didee 
 Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty 
 Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water 
 '97 Bonnie and Clyde: me and my daughter 
  
 [Hook] 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 And when we ride 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 Just you and I 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 And when we ride 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 Just you and I 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Wake up, sweepyhead, we're here, before we pway 
 We're gonna take Mama for a wittle walk along the pier 
 Baby, don't cry, honey, don't get the wrong idea 
 Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin' in her ear  (Mama!) 
 That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry 
 Dada made a nice bed for Mommy at the bottom of the lake 
 Here, you wanna help Dada tie a rope around this rock? (yea) 
 We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock 
 Ready now, here we go, on the count of free 
 One, two, free — whee! (woosh!) 
 There goes Mama, spwashin' in the water 
 No more fightin' with Dad, no more restrainin' order 
 No more stepdada, no more new brother 
 Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell Mama you wuv her (Mommy!) 
 Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk 
 But first, just help Dad with two more things out the trunk 
  
 [Hook] 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 And when we ride 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 Just you and I 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 And when we ride 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 Just you and I 
  
 [Outro] 
 Just me and you, baby, is all we need in this world 
 Just me and you 
 Your dada will always be there for you 
 Your dada's always gonna love you, remember that 
 If you ever need me I will always be here for you 
 If you ever need anything, just ask 
 Dada will be right there 
 Your dada loves you — I love you, baby[Verse 1: P!nk] 
 You're drunk, the carpet is burned 
 I hate to find you like this 
 I always find you like this 
 I come home and clean up your mess 
 What would you do without that? 
 Why do I always come back? 
 Oh, what I wouldn't do for you! 
  
 [Chorus: P!nk] 
 And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
  
 [Verse 2: P!nk & Eminem] 
 Some nights I want to run for the hills 
 It's never easy with you 
 I cannot reason with you 
 But your smile is as rare as it comes 
 What would I do without that? 
 Maybe that's why I come back 
 Oh, what I wouldn't do for you! 
  
 [Chorus: P!nk] 
 And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Startin' to think we were made for each other 
 But one of us in this relationship is raisin' the other 
 You remind me of my mother 
 We drive one another crazy as each other 
 And we're both adults, so there's no excuse 
 For the games that we play with each other 
 Where you at? At a friend's? No, you ain't, mothafucker! 
 But I give her the benefit of the doubt 
 Whenever the doubt kicks in, shiver when I touch her 
 'Cause I love her so much, I'm a sucker 
 How her bottom lip can quiver when she's in trouble 
 She's in hot water, think I caught her cheatin' again 
 Give her another chance? Another one after that? 
 I'm swimmin' in that Egyptian river, 'cause I'm in denial 
 Say I don't eat shit, but I got a shit-eatin' grin when I smile 
 Makin' an excuse for us to act it out 
 She's just actin' out with her inner child 
 Then I set the truth on fire 
 'Cause I'd rather believe a lie 
 Then I breathe a sigh of relief, I don't believe in 
 Goin' to bed mad, I keep on tryin' 
 To make a bad girl good 
 But haven't I stood by you in good times? 
 And bad? I'm startin' to feel like your goddamn dad 
 'Cause I literally feel like you could die if ever should I 
 Leave you for good and never would I 
 It'd be all bad, never understood why they call it goodbye 
 But I think I'm a pretty damn good guy 
 And you're a good person too 
 I can save you, I can make you change 
 But I keep puttin' my fuckin' foot in my mouth 
 Every time I gotta come and bail you out 
 When you get in trouble that you get yourself in 
 And I'm in trouble, but I can't leave, I'll sell you out 
 I could never turn my fuckin' back on you—what is that? 
 I'm co-dependent, I'm just now noticin' it 
 But somehow it's like every time I'm about to go to end it 
 I ain't got the cojones to do it, nor the heart 
 Our apartment's tore apart 
 You're usin' my heart for a dartboard 
 But God must've aligned stars for us 
 'Cause somebody paired us up 
 And they say He ain't capable of makin' a mistake 
 But this one's perfect, 'cause I'm— 
  
 [Chorus: P!nk] 
 I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me 
 Maybe you need me[Intro] 
 Oh, it's music to my ears, oh man 
 How can I describe the way I feel? 
 Fucking great, man 
 Okay, let me see 
 How could I begin? 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Locked in Mariah's wine cellar, all I had for lunch 
 Was bread, wine, more bread, wine and Captain Crunch 
 Red wine for breakfast and for brunch 
 And to soak it up, an in-between snack, crackers to munch 
 Mariah, what ever happened to us? 
 Why did we have to break up? 
 All I asked for was a glass of punch 
 You see, I never really asked for much 
 I can't imagine what's going through your mind after such 
 A nasty break-up with that Latin hunk 
 Luis Miguel, Nick Cannon better back the fuck up 
 I'm not playin', I want her back, you punk 
 This is Hello Kitty bedspread, Satin Funk 
 Mixed with Egyptian, with a little rap and punk 
 Zapp and Eric Clapton, Shaft, Frank Zappa, crunk 
 And yeah baby, I want another crack at ya 
 You can beat me with any spatula that you want 
 I mean, I really want you bad, you cunt 
 Nick, you had your fun, I've come to kick you in your sack of junk 
 Man, I could use a fresh batch of blood 
 So prepare your vernacular for Dracula acupuncture 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 When will it ever cease? 
 For Pete's sake, he's crazy to say the least 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 What's going through my mind 
 Half the time, when I rhyme, or blowing up like 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 Somebody turn the vacancy sign on 
 'Cause I'm gone, blowing on my 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 I run the streets and act like a madman holding a Glad 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 You can be a permanent fixture in my lyrical mixture 
 I'm the Miracle Whip trickster 
 My signature sound, when a tube of lipstick's around 
 I'm bound to put it on in an instant, wow 
 Man, what an ensemble 
 What an assortment of pharma–ceuticals 
 This beautiful pill dust in my palm, my 
 Cuticles get residue just from touchin' the bottle 
 Never knew I could remind me so much of my momma 
 I'll cut ya like Dahmer, pull a butcher knife on ya 
 The size of a sword, boy, I'm like the fuckin' Red Sonja 
 Get it stuck in your cornea, nice knowing ya, Norman 
 You're so fuckin' annoyin', drop the shovel, boy 
 You don't know what the fuck you're doin' 
 I ain't playin' no fuckin' more 
 Nick Cannon, you prick, I wish you luck with the fuckin' whore 
 Every minute there's a sucker born, snuck up on Malachai 
 Made the motherfucker suck on a shuck of corn 
 Shuck o', shuck o' corn, Chaka Khan 
 Hit Jason in the face with a hockey puck, and 
 Told him it's fuckin' on, man, what the fuck are ya doin'? 
 You're runnin' over the snowblower with the lawnmower 
 Blowin' your bagpipes from Baghdad 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 When will it ever cease? 
 For Pete's sake, he's crazy to say the least 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 What's going through my mind 
 Half the time, when I rhyme, or blowing up like 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 Somebody turn the vacancy sign on 
 'Cause I'm gone, blowing on my 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 I run the streets and act like a madman holding a Glad bag 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 In the bed with two brain-dead lesbian vegetables 
 I bet you they become heterosexual 
 Nothing will stop me from molestin' you 
 Titty-fuckin' you 'til your breast nipple flesh tickles my testicles 
 Is what I said to the two conjoined twins 
 How's it going, girlfriends? You needs a boyfriend? 
 You need some ointment? Just set up an appointment 
 Who's gonna see the doctor first? We'll do a coin flip 
 I just got my one-year sobriety coin chip 
 When the bad get going, how bad does the going get? 
 Baby, you shouldn't have any trouble rubbing groins with 
 Each other, especially when you're joined at the hip 
 I'm going to get the needle and thread from the sewing kit 
 And attempt to separate 'em and stitch 'em back at the loin, shit 
 Lure the little boy with the chocolate 'Chips Ahoy!' chip 
 Cookie, lookie, even took me a Polaroid pic 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 When will it ever cease? 
 For Pete's sake, he's crazy to say the least 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 What's going through my mind 
 Half the time, when I rhyme, or blowing up like 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 Somebody turn the vacancy sign on 
 'Cause I'm gone, blowing on my 
 Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 I run the streets and act like a madman 
 Holding a Glad bag, oh, bagpipes from Baghdad 
  
 [Outro] 
 Hghum-day-li-laaa-aaa-aaa-aaa-aa-aah-aah 
 Hghum-day-li-laaa-aaa-aaa-aaa-aa-aah-aah 
 Hghum-day-li-laaa-aaa-aaa-aaa-aa-aah-aah 
 Hghum-day-li-laaa-aaa-aaa-aaa-aa-aah-aah[Produced by Jeff Bass] 
  
 [Intro: Cowboy (Jeff Bass)] 
 I reckon you ain't familiar with these here parts 
 You know, there's a story behind that there saloon 
 20 years ago, two outlaws took this whole town over 
 Sheriffs couldn't stop 'em 
 Quickest damn gun-slingers I've ever seen 
 Got murdered in cold-blood 
 That old saloon there was their little home away from home 
 They say the ghosts of Bad and Evil still live in that tavern 
 And on a quiet night, you can still hear 
 The footsteps of Slim Shady and Royce Da 5'9" 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem & Royce Da 5'9"] 
 I don't speak, I float in the air, wrapped in a sheet 
 I'm not a real person, I'm a ghost trapped in a beat 
 I translate when my voice is read through a seismograph 
 And the noise is spread 
 Picked up and transmitted through Royce's head (Uhh) 
 Trap him in his room, possess him and hoist his bed 
 'Til the evilness flows through his blood like poisonous lead 
 Told him each one of his boys is dead (Ohh) 
 I asked him to come to the dark side 
 He made a choice and said (Yo) 
 Who hard? Yo, I done heard worse 
 We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other 
 To see which one'll swerve first 
 Two blind bandits panic, whose mental capacity 
 Holds that of a globe on top of nine other planets 
 Kissed the cheek of the Devil, intelligence level 
 Is hellier than treble peakin' on speakers in the ghetto 
 Dismissal, I'm not a fair man, disgraced the race of an atheist 
 Interceptin' missiles with my bare hands like a patriot 
 One track sliced without swords, I buried the Christ corpse 
 In my past life, when the black knight mounted the white horse 
 And stay over-worked, it's like the Nazis and the Nation 
 Collaboratin', attemptin' to take over the Earth 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem & Royce Da 5'9"] 
 'Cause this is what happens when Bad meets Evil 
 We hit the trees 'til we look like Vietnamese people 
 He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal 
 Above the law 'cause I don't agree with police either 
 Shit, me neither 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem & Royce Da 5'9"] 
 We ain't eager to be legal 
 So please leave me with the keys to your Jeep Eagle 
 I breathe ether in three lethal amounts 
 While I stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle (Ahh) 
 Releasin' rage on anybody in squeezin' range 
 Cold enough to make the seasons change into freezin' rain 
 (He's insane) No I'm not, I just want to shoot up 
 And I'm pissed off, 'cause I can't find a decent vein 
 The disaster with dreads, I'm bad enough to commit suicide 
 And survive long enough to kill my soul after I'm dead 
 When in danger, it's funny, actually my flavor's similar to a waiter 
 'Cause I serve any stranger with money 
 I spray a hundred, man, until they joint chains 
 While slippin' bullets at point-blank range like they was punches 
 Piss on a flag and burn it, murder you then come to your funeral 
 Service lobby and strangle your body to confirm it 
 Whippin' human ass, throwin' blows, crackin' jaws 
 With my fists wrapped in gauze, dipped in glue and glass 
 I'm blazin' emcees, at the same time amazin' emcees 
 Somehow, emcees ain't that eyebrow-raisin' to me 
 From all of angles of us, flash a MAC loud enough 
 To cast a avalanche and bust 'til volcanoes erupt 
  
 [Interlude: Eminem] 
 Hello? (Billy?) 
 Ayo, what’s up? (We're comin' to get you) 
 Stop, they know it's us 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem & Royce Da 5'9"] 
 I used to be a loudmouth, remember me? (Uh-uh) 
 I'm the one who burned your house down (Oh) 
 Well, I'm out now (Shit) 
 And this time, I'm comin' back to blow your house up 
 And I ain't gon' leave you with a window to jump out of 
 Give me two fat tabs and three shrooms 
 And you won't see me, like fat people in steam rooms 
 And when I go to hell and I'm gettin' ready to leave 
 I'ma put air in a bag and charge people to breathe 
  
 [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9" & Eminem] 
 'Cause this is what happens when Bad meets Evil 
 And we hit the trees 'til we look like Vietnamese people 
 He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal 
 Against peaceful, see you in Hell for the sequel 
 (We'll be waiting) See you in Hell (Uh-huh) 
 Wall Street (Yup), Royce Da 5'9", Slim Shady (Uh) 
 See you in Hell for the sequel (Bye-bye) 
 Bad Meets Evil, what? (Until next time) 
  
 [Outro: Cowboy (Jeff Bass)] 
 And so, that's the story of when Bad meets Evil 
 Two of the most wanted individuals in the county 
 Made Jesse James and Billy the Kid look like law-abiding citizens 
 It's too bad they had to go out the way they did 
 Got shot in the back comin' out of that old saloon 
 But their spirits still live on 'til this day 
 Shh, wait, did y'all hear that?[Intro] 
 This motherfucker, man! 
 Just won't shut up, will you? 
 Talking 'bout I owe him 
 Bitch, you owe me! 
 I'm promotin' you right now 
 Yo, let's put the nail in this coffin! 
  
 [Hook] 
 I don't wanna be like this 
 I don't really wanna hurt no feelings 
 But I'm only being real when I say 
 Nobody wants to hear their grandfather rap (nope) 
 And old men have heart attacks 
 And I don't wanna be responsible for that 
 So, put the mic down and walk away 
 You can still have a little bit of dignity 
  
 [Verse] 
 I would never claim to be no Ray Benzino 
 An 83-year-old fake Pacino 
 So how can he hold me over some balcony without 
 Blowing his lower back out as soon as he goes to lift me? 
 Please don't—you'll probably fall with me 
 And our asses'll both be history 
 But then again you'd finally get your wish 
 ‘Cause you'll be all over the street, like 50 Cent 
 Fuckin' punk pussy! Fuck you, chump! 
 Give me a one-on-one, see if I don't fuck you up 
 Tried to jump the Ruff Ryders and they cut you up 
 And you put Jada on a track, that's how much you suck 
 Dick in the industry, swear that you in the streets hustlin' 
 You sit behind a fuckin' desk at The Source butt-kissin' 
 And beggin' motherfuckers for guest appearances 
 And you can't even get the clearances 
 'Cause real lyricists don't even respect you or take you serious 
 It's not that we don't like you—we hate you, period 
 Talk about a mid-life crisis, damn 
 Last week you was shakin' Obie Trice's hand 
 Now he's a buster? What the fuck's with that? 
 Get on a track dissin' us, kissin' 50's ass 
 And askin' me what I know about indictments, bite me! 
 Bitch, I got two cases and probation—fight me! 
 What do I know about standin' in front of a judge like a man 
 Ready to take whatever sentence he hands? 
 What you know about your wife slicin' her wrists 
 Right in front of the only thing that you have in this world 
 A little girl? 
 And I put that on her, when this is all over 
 I would never try to make her a star and eat off her 
 I don't know shit about no choppin' rocks 
 But what you know about Hip Hop Shops rockin' spots 
 Where you the only white boy up in that bitch just rippin'? 
 Pressin' up your own fliers and your stickers, stickin' 
 Them bitches up after spendin' six hours at Kinko's 
 Just makin' copies of your covers of cassette singles 
 To sell them out of the trunk of your Tracer 
 Spendin' your whole paychecks at Disc Makers 
 What you know about being bullied over half your life? 
 Oh, that's right, you should know what that's like 
 You're half white; Vanilla Ice, spill the beans and rice 
 I'm eatin' you alive inside, Jesus Christ! 
 If you're that much of a gangsta, put the mic down! 
 You should be out killin' motherfuckers right now 
 Kill a motherfucker dead, kill him dead, bitch! 
 Shoot 'em in the fuckin' head—go ahead, bitch! 
 Slap my mom! Slap the fuck out of her! 
 She can't sue you, she wouldn't get a buck out of ya 
 ‘Cause you're broke as fuck, you suck, you're a fuckin' joke 
 If you was really sellin' coke, well, then what the fuck 
 You stop for, dummy? If you slew some crack 
 You'd make a lot more money than you do from rap 
 You'll never have no security, you'll never be famous 
 You'll never know what it's like to be rich 
 Life's a bitch, ain't it? Raymond? 
 Here, let me break the shit down in layman's 
 Terms for you, just to make sure that you can understand it and 
 Canibus ain't using too many complicated fuckin' words for you 
 Here, let me slow it down for you 
 So that you could understand if I say it slower 
 Let it go, dog, it's over 
  
 [Hook] 
 I don't wanna be like this 
 I don't really wanna hurt no feelings 
 But I'm only being real when I say 
 Nobody wants to hear they grandfather rap (nope) 
 And old men have heart attacks 
 And I don't wanna be responsible for that 
 So, put the mic down and walk away 
 You can still have a little bit of dignity 
  
 [Outro] 
 Haha… talking 'bout I have motherfuckers callin' your crib 
 Bitch, you ain't even got a fuckin' crib! 
 You ain't even got a fuckin' phone… fuckin' bum! 
 Threatenin' to shut me down at your lil' fuckin' Source magazine, if I come back on you and attack you 
 Bitch, you attacked me first! 
 Take it like a man, and shut the fuck up! 
 And fuck your little magazine too! 
 I don't need your little fuckin' magazine 
 I got XXL's number anyways 
 And y'all can't stand it, ‘cause they gettin' bigger than y'all 
 Oh, and by the way, how'd I look on the VMA's? 
 When you was watchin' me 
 From whatever fuckin' TV you was watchin' me from 
 From Boston… the mean streets of Boston 
 Fuckin' sissy! And you got us scared up in here, motherfucker 
 Suck our motherfuckin' dicks! 
 Oh! And for those that don't know 
 Don't get it twisted, y'all: The Source has a white owner![Intro] 
 "What we have to do is deal with it when these individuals are young enough, if you will, to be saved, not in a religious sense, but not to constitute what this country at times calls (Yeah) their throwaway children." 
 "We seem to be approaching (C'mon!) an age of the gross." (*Burp*) 
 "We all have this idea that we should move up a little bit from our parents' station and each generation should do a little bit better." 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 All right, come on, let's cut the bullshit, enough 
 Let's get it started, let's start addressin' this issue, and open it up 
 Let's take this shit back to the basement and we can discuss 
 Statements that's made on this tape and its whole origin of 
 The music that we all know and love, the music we all enjoy 
 The music you accuse me of tryin' to destroy 
 Let's rewind it to '89 when I was a boy 
 On the East Side of Detroit, crossin' 8 Mile into Warren 
 Into hick territory; I'd like to share a story 
 This is my story, and can't nobody tell it for me 
 You have well informed me, I am well-aware 
 That I don't belong here: you've made that perfectly clear 
 I get my ass kicked damn near everywhere 
 From Bel-Aire shopping center just for stopping in there 
 From the black side all the way to the white side 
 Okay, there's a bright side, a day that I might slide 
 You may call it a pass, I call it haulin' my ass 
 Through that patch of grass over them railroad tracks 
 Oh, them railroad tracks, them old railroad tracks 
 Them good old notorious so well known tracks 
  
 [Hook] 
 So, let's go back, follow the yellow brick road 
 As we go on another episode 
 Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place 
 That I once used to call home sweet home 
 Come on, let's go back, follow the yellow brick road 
 As we go on another episode 
 Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place 
 That I once used to call home sweet home 
  
 [Bridge] 
 I'd roam the streets so much they called me a drifter 
 Sometimes I'd stick up a thumb just to hitchhike 
 Just to get picked up to get me a lift to 
 8 Mile and Van Dyke or steal a goddamn bike 
 From somebody's backyard, and drop it off at the park 
 That was the halfway mark, to meet Kim had to walk 
 Back to her mama's on Chalmers after dark 
 To sneak me in the house when I'm kicked out my mom's 
 That's about the time I first met Proof 
 With Goofy Gary on the steps at Osborn, handin' out some flyers 
 We was doin' some talent shows at Center Line High 
 I told him to stop by and check us out sometime 
 He looked at me like I'm out my mind 
 Shook his head, like, "White boys don't know how to rhyme." 
 I spit out a line and rhymed "birthday" with "first place" 
 And we both had the same rhymes that sound alike 
 We was on the same shit, that Big Daddy Kane shit 
 Where compound syllables sound combined 
 From that day we was down to ride 
 Somehow we knew we'd meet again somewhere down the line 
  
 [Hook] 
 So, let's go back, follow the yellow brick road 
 As we go on another episode 
 Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place 
 That I once used to call home sweet home 
 Come on, let's go back, follow the yellow brick road 
 As we go on another episode 
 Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place 
 That I once used to call home sweet home 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 My first year in 9th grade, can't forget that day at school 
 It was cool 'til your man MC Shan came through 
 He said that Puma's the brand ‘cause the Klan makes Troops 
 It was rumors, but man, goddamn, they flew 
 Musta been true, because man, we done banned they shoes 
 I had the new ones, the Cool J Ice Lamb, suede too 
 But we just threw 'em in the trash like they yesterday's news 
 Guess who came through next? X Clan debuted 
 Professor X (Vanglorious!) "Exist in a state of red 
 Black and green, with a key, sissies!" 
 Now with this being the new trend, we don't fit in 
 Crackas is out with Cactus Albums, blackness is in 
 African symbols and medallions represent Black Power 
 And we ain't know what it meant, me and my man Howard 
 And Butter would go to the mall 
 With 'em all over our necks like we're showin' 'em off 
 Not knowin' at all we was being laughed at 
 "You ain't even half black! You ain't 'posed to have that 
 Homie, let me grab that! And that Flavor Flav clock 
 We gon' have to snatch that!" All I remember is meeting back at 
 Manix's basement, sayin' how we hate this 
 How racist but dope the X Clan's tape is 
 Which reminds me, back in '89, me 
 And Kim broke up for the first time; she was tryin' to two-time me 
 And there was this black girl at our school, who thought I was cool 
 ‘Cause I rapped, so she was kinda eyein' me 
 And oh the irony, guess what her name was? 
 Ain't even gonna say it, plus 
 The same color hair as hers was and blue contacts 
 And a pair of jugs, the bombest goddamn 
 Girl in our whole school, if I could pull her, not only would I become 
 More popular, but I would be able to piss Kim off 
 At the same time, but it backfired 
 I was supposed to dump her, but she dumped me for this black guy 
 And that's the last I ever seen or heard 
 Or spoke to the "Ole Foolish Pride" girl, but I've heard 
 People say they heard the tape and it ain't that bad 
 But it was: I singled out a whole race 
 And for that I apologize, I was wrong 
 ‘Cause no matter what color a girl is, she's still a— 
  
 [Hook] 
 So, let's go back, follow the yellow brick road 
 As we go on another episode 
 Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place 
 That I once used to call home sweet home 
 Come on, let's go back, follow the yellow brick road 
 As we go on another episode 
 Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place 
 That I once used to call home sweet home 
  
 [Outro: Debbie Mathers] 
 Fuck out of my house, you fuckin' pieces of shit! 
 Get the fuck out of my house, you stupid fucker! 
 You son of a bitch![Intro: Bizarre] 
 Music, reality 
 Sometimes it's hard to tell the difference 
 But we as entertainers 
 Have a responsibility to these kids... Psych! 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 If I were to die, murdered in cold blood tomorrow 
 Would you feel sorrow, or show love? Or would it matter? 
 Could never be the lead-off batter 
 If there ain't shit for me to feed off, I'm see-saw battlin' 
 But there's way too much at stake for me to be fake 
 There's too much on my plate 
 I done came way too far in this game to turn and walk away 
 And not say what I got to say 
 What the fuck you take me for, a joke? You smokin' crack? 
 'Fore I do that, I'd beg Mariah to take me back 
 I'll get up 'fore I get down 
 Run myself in the ground, 'fore I put some wack shit out 
 I'm tryna smack this one out the park: five-thousand mark 
 Y'all steady tryna drown a shark 
 Ain't gon' do nothin' but piss me off 
 Lid to the can of whoop-ass, just twist me off 
 See me leap out, pull a piece out 
 Fuck shootin', I'm just tryna knock his teeth out 
 Fuck with me now, bitch; let's see you freestyle! 
 Talk is cheap, motherfucker, if you really feelin' froggish, leap 
 Yo, Slim, you gon' let him get away with that? 
 He tried to play you, you can't let him skate with that 
 Man, I hate this crap, this ain't rap 
 This is crazy, the way we act when we confuse hip-hop 
 With real life when the music stops 
  
 [Verse 2: Swifty McVay] 
 Ain't no gettin' rid of McVay, if so, you would've tried 
 The only way I'm leavin' this bitch is suicide 
 I have died clinically arrived back at my enemies' crib with Hennessy, got drunk then I finished him 
 I'm every nigga's favorite archenemy 
 Physically fitted to be the most dangerous nigga with beef 
 I spark willingly, with a Dillinger in the dark, diligently 
 I'm not what you think, I appear to be fucked up 
 Mentally endangered; I can't stay away from a razor 
 I just want my face in a paper 
 I wish a nigga had a grenade to squeeze tight 
 To awake neighbours for acres 
 I'll murder you; I gauge and have me turn into a mad man 
 Son of Sam; bitch, I'm surgical 
 I'm allergic to dyin' – you think not? 
 You got balls? We can see how large, when the music stops 
  
 [Verse 3: Kon Artis] 
 I was happy havin' a deal at first 
 Thought money would make me happy 
 But it only made my pain worse 
 It hurts when you see your friends turn their back on you, dawg 
 And you ain't got nothin' left but your word and your balls 
 And you're stressed from the calls of your new friends 
 Beggin' with their hands out, checkin' for your record when it's sellin' 
 When it ain't, that's the end: no laughs, no friends 
 No girls, just the gin you drink till your car spin 
 You think "Damn!" when you slam into the wall 
 And you fall out the car and try to crawl with one arm 
 I'm 'bout to lose it all in a pool of alcohol 
 If my funeral's tomorrow 
 Wonder would they even call? When the music stops 
  
 [Verse 4: Kuniva] 
 Let's see how many of your men loyal, when I pull up 
 Lookin' for you with a pistol, sippin' a can of Pennzoil 
 I'm revved up; who said what? When lead bust 
 Your head just explode with red stuff, I'm handcuffed 
 Tossed in the paddy-wagon 
 Braggin' about how you shouted like a coward 
 Bullets devoured you, showered you niggas 
 If I was you niggas, I'd run while given the chance 
 Understand, I can enhance the spirit of man 
 Death itself, it can't hurt me 
 Just the thought of dyin' alone that really irks me 
 You ain't worthy to speak thoughts of cheap talk 
 Be smart and stop tryna walk how Gs walk before we spark 
 Hug the floor while we playin' tug-of-war with your life 
 Fuck a tour and a mic, I'd rather fuck a whore with a knife 
 Deliver that shit that coroners like 
 You hype, poppin' shit in broad daylight 
 Nigga, you're a goner at night; when the music stops 
  
 [Verse 5: Proof] 
 Instigators turn pits in cages 
 Let loose and bit the neighbors; wrist to razors 
 Y'all don't want war, y'all want talk 
 In the dark, my dogs all bark, like, "Woof!" 
 Proof, nigga, I'm a wolf 
 Get your whole roof caved in, like reindeer hoofs 
 Stomp the booth, shake the floor tiles loose 
 The more y'all breathe, shit, the more I moves 
 It's Hill Street: this is hardcore blues 
 Put a gun to rap, check in all our dues 
 Nigga, or make the news, bet you all y'all move 
 When the Uzi pop, you better drop, when the music stop 
  
 [Verse 6: Bizarre] 
 Music has changed my life in so many ways 
 Brain's confused, been fucked since the 5th grade 
 LL told me to "Rock the Bells" 
 N.W.A said "Fuck the Police," now I'm in jail 
 '93 was strictly R&B 
 Fucked up haircut, listened to Jodeci 
 Michael Jackson – who gon' tell me I ain't Mike? 
 Ass cheeks painted white, fuckin' Priscilla tonight 
 Flyin' down Sunset, smokin' crack 
 Transvestite in the front, Eddie Murphy in the back 
 M.O.P. had me grimy and gritty 
 Marilyn Manson: I dyed my hair blue, and grew some titties 
 Ludacris told me to throw them bows 
 Now I'm in the hospital with a broken nose 
 And a fractured elbow 
 Voices in my head, I'm goin' in shock 
 I'm reachin' for the Glock, but the music stops [blam][Verse] 
 Some days I just wanna up and call it quits 
 I feel like I'm surrounded by a wall of bricks 
 Every time I go to get up I just fall in pits 
 My life's like one great big ball of shit 
 If I could just put it all into all I spit 
 Instead of always trying to swallow it 
 Instead of staring at this wall and shit 
 While I sit, writer's block, sick of all this shit 
 Can't call it, shit, all I know is I'm about to hit the wall 
 If I have to see another one of mom's alcoholic fits 
 This is it, last straw, that's all, that's it 
 I ain't dealing with another fucking politic 
 I'm like a skillet bubbling until it filters up 
 I'm about to kill it, I can feel it building up 
 Blow this building up, I've concealed enough 
 My cup runneth over, I done filled it up 
 The pen explodes and busts, ink spills my guts 
 You think all I do is stand here and feel my nuts 
 Well, I'ma show you what, you gon' feel my rush 
 You don't feel it, then it must be too real to touch 
 Peel the Dutch, I'm about to tear shit up 
 Goosebumps, yeah, I'ma make your hair sit up 
 Yeah, sit up, I'ma tell you who I be 
 I'ma make you hate me 'cause you ain't me 
 You wait, it ain't too late to finally see 
 What you closed-minded fucks were too blind to see 
 Whoever finds me is gonna get a finder's fee 
 Out this world, ain't no one out their mind as me 
 You need peace of mind? Here's a piece of mine 
 All I need's a line 
 But sometimes I don't always find the words to rhyme 
 To express how I'm really feeling at that time 
 Yeah, sometimes, sometimes, sometimes 
 It's just sometimes, it's always me 
 How dark can these hallways be? 
 The clock strikes midnight, one, two, then half-past three 
 This half-assed rhyme with this half-assed piece of paper 
 [rip] I'm desperate at my desk 
 If I can just get the rest of the shit off my chest again 
 Stuck in a slump, can't think of nothin' 
 Fuck, I'm stumped up, wait, here comes somethin' 
 [crumples paper] Nope, it's not good enough, scribble it out 
 New pad, crinkle it up, and throw the shit out 
 I'm fizzlin' now, thought I figured it out 
 Ball's in my court, but I'm scared to dribble it out 
 I'm afraid, but why am I afraid? 
 Why am I a slave to this trade? Cyanide I spit to the grave 
 Real enough to rile you up 
 Want me to flip it, I can rip it any style you want 
 I'm a switch hitter bitch, Jimmy Smith ain't a quitter 
 I'ma sit until I get enough in me to finally hit a 
 Fucking boiling point, put some oil in your joints 
 Flip the coin, bitch, come get destroyed 
 An MC's worst dream, I make 'em tense 
 They hate me, see me and shake like a chain-link fence 
 By the looks of 'em, you would swear that Jaws was comin' 
 By the screams of 'em, you would swear I'm sawing someone 
 By the way they're running, you would swear the law was comin' 
 It's now or never, and tonight is all or nothin' 
 Momma, Jimmy keeps leaving on us, he said he'd be back 
 He pinky promised, I don't think he's honest 
 I'll be back, baby, I just gotta beat this clock 
 Fuck this clock, I'ma make 'em eat this watch 
 Don't believe me? Watch, I'ma win this race 
 And I'ma come back and rub my shit in your face, bitch 
 I found my niche, you gon' hear my voice 
 'Til you sick of it, you ain't gonna have a choice 
 If I gotta scream 'til I have half a lung 
 If I have half a chance I grab it — Rabbit, run![Intro] 
 A lot of people ask me 
 Where the fuck I've been at the last few years 
 Shit, I don't know 
 But I do know I'm back now 
 Haha 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Here comes the rain and thunder now 
 Nowhere to run, to run to now 
 I disappeared, don't wonder how 
 Lookin' for me? I'm underground 
 Here comes the rain and thunder now 
 Nowhere to run, to run to now 
 I disappeared, don't wonder how 
 Lookin' for me? I'm underground 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Dre, I'm down here, under the ground, dig me up! 
 Broken tibias, fibias, yeah, fix me up 
 Sixty sluts, all of them dyin' from asphyxia 
 After they sip piss through a Christopher Reeves sippy cup 
 Dixie cups, toxins, boxes of Oxy pads 
 Enough Oxycontin to send a fuckin' ox to rehab 
 Wack job in the back in a black stocking cap 
 Jackin' off to a hockey mask at a boxing match 
 (He can't say that!) Yes, he can 
 I just did, faggot, now guess again 
 Better text message your next-of-kin 
 Tell 'em shit's about to get extra messy 
 Especially when I flex again 
 And throw a fuckin' lesbian in wet cement 
 Faggoty, faggoty, faggoty! Raggedy Ann and Andy 
 No! Raggedy Andy and Andy 
 No, it can't be, it can't be—yes, it can be 
 The fuckin' Anti-Christ is back, Dante 
 It's Satan in black satin panties 
 This is Amityville, calamity, goddamn it 
 Insanity, pills, fanny pack filled with Xannies 
 Through every nook and cranny, lookin' for trannies 
 Milk and cookies spilled on my silk négligée, looky 
 Razor-ba-lades with me to make you ba-leed 
 Cases of Maybelline makeup lay on a table of weed 
 Slim Shady? Shit sounds like a fable to me 
 'Til he jumps out of the fuckin' toilet when you're takin' a pee 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Here comes the rain and thunder now 
 Nowhere to run, to run to now 
 I disappeared, don't wonder how 
 Lookin' for me? I'm underground 
 Here comes the rain and thunder now 
 Nowhere to run, to run to now 
 I disappeared, don't wonder how 
 Lookin' for me? I'm underground 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Six semen samples, seventeen strands of hair 
 Found in the back of a van after the shoot with Vanity Fair 
 Hannah Montana, prepare to elope with a can opener 
 And be cut open like cantaloupe on canopy beds 
 And Glad bags, yeah glad to be back 
 'Cause last year was a tragedy that landed me smack-dab in rehab 
 Fuckin' doctor, I ain't understand a damn word he said 
 I planned to relapse the second I walked out of that bitch 
 Two weeks in Brighton, I ain't enlightened 
 Bitin' into a fuckin' Vicodin like I'm a Viking 
 Oh, lightning is strikin', it might be a fuckin' sign I need a psychic 
 Evaluation, fuck Jason, it's Friday the 19th 
 That means it's just a regular day (hah!) 
 And this is the kind of shit I think of regularly 
 Fuckin' lesbian shouldn't have had her legs in the way 
 Now she's pregnant and gay, missin' both legs and beggin' to stay 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Here comes the rain and thunder now 
 Nowhere to run, to run to now 
 I disappeared, don't wonder how 
 Lookin' for me? I'm underground 
 Here comes the rain and thunder now 
 Nowhere to run, to run to now 
 I disappeared, don't wonder how 
 Lookin' for me? I'm underground 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Tell the critics I'm back and I'm comin' to spit it back in abundance 
 Hit a fag with onions, then split a bag of Funyuns 
 Mad at me? Understandable, cannibal, shoot an animal 
 Out of a cannon and have 'em catapult at an adult 
 Captain of a cult with an elite following 
 To turn Halloween back into a trick-or-treat holiday 
 Have Michael Myers lookin' like a liar, swipe his powers 
 Replace his knife with flowers and a stack of fliers 
 Hit Jason Vorhees with a 40; stuck a suppository 
 Up his ass, and made him tell me a story 
 Gave Hannibal Lector a fuckin' nectarine 
 And sat him in the fuckin' fruit and vegetable section 
 And gave him a lecture 
 Walked up Elm Street with a fuckin' Wiffle bat drew 
 Fought Freddy Krueger and Edward Scissorhands too 
 And came out with a little scratch, ooh 
 Lookin' like I got in a fuckin' pillow fight with a Triple F.A.T. goose 
 Insanity, can it be vanity? 
 Where's the humanity in having a twisted fantasy 
 With an arm-and-leg amputee? 
 Straitjacket with a hundred and eight brackets 
 And a strap that wraps twice around my back 
 Then they latch it; cut your fuckin' head off 
 And ask where you're headed off to 
 Get it? "Headed off to?" Medic, this headache's awful! 
 This anesthetic's pathetic, so is this diabetic waffle 
 And this prosthetic arm keeps crushin' my hard taco 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Here comes the rain and thunder now 
 Nowhere to run, to run to now 
 I disappeared, don't wonder how 
 Lookin' for me? I'm underground 
 Here comes the rain and thunder now 
 Nowhere to run, to run to now 
 I disappeared, don't wonder how 
 Lookin' for me? I'm underground 
  
 [Outro] 
 So, it wasn't a choice, it was "I had to do this." 
 And now I got 90 days clean 
 And uh, that's all I have to share, thanks 
 (Thanks for sharing, Brian 
 Is there anyone else who'd like to share this evening?) 
 Yeah, I got something to share: 
 "When you walked through the door you were queer to me 
 So come here, baby boy, just come here to me 
 You're a cock-boy, everybody wants you 
 You're gayer than you would ever claim to 
 I won't have to rape you 
 So, homie, lay down, down, down 
 Lay down, down, down 
 Lay down, down, down, lay down, lay down." 
 Where's everybody going? 
 This always went over real big in Gay-A 
 Okay, wait, I got another one 
 "I just love condoms and lots of cum." 
 No? Well, shit![Intro] 
 Yeah! Oh! Get up (Where my trash at?) 
 I said, get up 
 You know what happens when I'm around, man 
 Woo! Let's go 
 Better watch out now 'cause here we come 
 And we ain’t stoppin' until we see the morning sun 
 So give us room to do our thing 
 'Cause we ain’t come to hurt no one 
 So everybody come and get up on the floor now 
 And grab someone 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Man, first of all; I’m a boss 
 I just want to get that across 
 Man, even my dentist hates when I floss 
 Pull up to the club in a Pinto like it’s a Porsche 
 Garbage bag for one of the windows, spray-painted doors 
 With the flames on ‘em, Michigan plates, and my name's on ‘em 
 Baby, Shady’s here, come and get him if you dames want him 
 But he ain’t stupid so quit tryna run them games on him 
 He's immune to Cupid, why you tryna put your claims on him? 
 'Cause you won’t do to me what you did to the last man 
 Now climb in back, try not to kick over the gas can 
 There’s a half a gallon in it, that could be our last chance 
 We have of just gettin' home, now can I get that lap dance? 
 She’s got a tattoo of me right above her ass, man 
 In the streets of Warren, Michigan, we call ‘em tramp stamps 
 That means she belongs to me, time to put the damn clamps down 
 And show this hussy who’s the man now get amped, dance 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Now you can do this on your own 
 But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone 
 So get on the floor and grab somebody 
 Ain't nothin' but a white trash party (white trash party) 
 So let’s have us a little bash 
 And if anyone asks, it ain’t no one but us trash 
 You don’t know, you better ask somebody 
 'Cause we’re having a white trash party (white trash party) 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Pull a fifth of Bacardi from out of my underwear 
 And walk around the party without a care 
 Like a body without a head 
 Lookin' like a zombie from Night of the Living Dead 
 And tomorrow I'll probably still be too high to get out of bed 
 'Til I feel like I been hit with the sharp part of the hammer 
 I'm mixin' Hennessy and Fanta with Pepto and Mylanta 
 I shoot the gift like I’m hollering "Die Santa" 
 Missed the tree and hit Rudolph and two innocent bystanders 
 So quit tryna play the wall like you Paul 
 And get on the floor when the beat drops and stop stallin' 
 They call me the Stephon Marbury of rap, darlin' 
 'Cause as soon as they throw on some R. Kelly, I start ballin' 
 Makin' it rain for the ladies in the minis 
 But I’m not throwin' ones, fives, tens, or even twenties 
 I’m throwin' quarters, nickels, dimes, pennies up at skinnies 
 Man, I do this for them bunnies up at Denny’s 
 From the North, East, and West 
 But when it comes to them trailers in them South parks 
 Muffle it, 'cause, homie, that hood’s tighter than Kenny’s 
 So, ladies, if your belly button’s not an innie, then I’m outtie 
 Now hop in my minivan, let's get rowdy 
 Come on 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Now you can do this on your own 
 But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone 
 So get on the floor and grab somebody 
 Ain't nothin' but a white trash party (white trash party) 
 So let’s have us a little bash 
 And if anyone asks, it ain’t no one but us trash 
 You don’t know, you better ask somebody 
 'Cause we’re having a white trash party (white trash party) 
  
 [Bridge] 
 Now whether you’re black, white, or purple 
 If you’re misunderstood 
 But you don’t give a fuck, you ain’t doin' shit that you should 
 Long as you know you’re up to evil and you’re no damn good 
 Get on the floor, man, and rep your hood 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Now honey, don’t let them pricks trip 
 We should make a quick dip 
 And go do some doughnuts in the hospital parking lot 
 'Cause, girl—I got a sick whip 
 Kick the back window outta my Gremlin 
 Put two milk crates in the trunk, rip out the stick shift 
 And make a five-seater, I’ll be damned if I feed a chick 
 It ain’t like me to split a piece of dry pita 
 I be the S-L-to-the-I-M to the S-H-A-D-Y 
 And I don’t need a tank top to be a wife beater 
 I’ll rip a tree out the ground and flip it upside down 
 'Fore I turn over a new leaf, clown 
 I’ll tell you now, I’m so raw, I still need to unthaw 
 You feel me, y'all? I shut the club down like Drake in the mall 
 But baby, a body like that’s against the law 
 You the baddest little chain with the blades I ever saw 
 Coleslaw containers, empty straw wrappers and all 
 You got more junk in your trunk than I do in my car 
 Now get up 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Now you can do this on your own 
 But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone 
 So get on the floor and grab somebody 
 Ain't nothin' but a white trash party 
 So let’s have us a little bash 
 And if anyone asks, it ain’t no one but us trash 
 You don’t know, you better ask somebody 
 'Cause we’re having a white trash party (white trash party)[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 They ask me am I okay, they ask me if I'm happy 
 Are they asking me that because of the shit that's been thrown at me? 
 Or am I just a little snappy and they genuinely care? 
 Doody, most of my life it's just been me and you there 
 And I continuously stare at pictures of you 
 I never got to say I love you as much as I wanted to, but I do 
 Yeah, I say it now when you can't hear me 
 What the fuck good does that do me now? 
 But somehow I know you're near me in presence 
 Oh, I went and dropped some presents off for Easter 
 To them two little beautiful boys of yours to try to ease their 
 Minds a little, and dog, you'll never believe this 
 But Sharonda actually talks to me now—Jesus! 
 And everyone else is just tryin' to pick up the pieces 
 Man, how could you touch so many fuckin' lives and just leave us? 
 They say grievance has a way of affectin' everyone different 
 If it's true, how the fuck I'm s'posed to get over you? 
 Difficult as it sounds 
  
 [Chorus: Obie Trice] 
 Doody, I drop a tear in a rhyme 
 The day you find it is the day I stop missin' DeShaun 
 Holton, it was written, it was woven 
 For a soldier to leave so suddenly, got me wide open 
 How could God take a soul so dope and 
 Turn around, leave us all heartbroken? 
 Know that you're sayin', "Keep goin'! 
 Be a man! No emotion! It's your duty!" 
 Until we meet again, Doody 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 "Doody," that's what we'd call each other 
 I don't know where it came from 
 But it just stuck with us, we was always brothers 
 Never thought about each other's skin colors 
 'Til one day we was walkin' up the block in the summer 
 It was like 90 degrees, I was catchin' a sunburn 
 Tryin' to walk under the trees just to give me some comfort 
 I'm moanin', I just wanna get home and 
 I look over and your shirt is off 
 I'm like, "You're gonna fry," you're like, "No, I won't 
 I'm black, stupid! And black people they got melatonin 
 In their skin—we don’t burn," meanwhile my face is glowin' 
 And I feel like I'm on fire 
 And the entire time you're just laughin' at me 
 And snappin' at me with your shirt, bastard 
 And I still have to get you back for that shit 
 And by the way, them Playboy rings my mother stole from you 
 Well, Nate finally got 'em back, shit 
 It must've been at least sixteen years ago 
 Well, I put 'em in your cask—oww 
 Movin' past it, it still ain't registered yet 
 But you can bet, your legacy they'll never forget 
 The Motor City, Motown, hip hop vet 
 Hip Hop Shop, dreads, it don't stop there 
 Yeah, as difficult as it sounds 
  
 [Chorus: Obie Trice] 
 Doody, I drop a tear in a rhyme 
 The day you find it is the day I stop missin' DeShaun 
 Holton, it was written, it was woven 
 For a soldier to leave so suddenly, got me wide open 
 How could God take a soul so dope and 
 Turn around, leave us all heartbroken? 
 Know that you're sayin', "Keep goin'! 
 Be a man! No emotion! It's your duty!" 
 Until we meet again, Doody 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 And this might sound a little strange but I'ma tell it 
 I found that jacket that you left at my wedding 
 And I picked it up to smell it 
 I wrapped it up in plastic until I put it in glass 
 And hang up in the hallway so I can always look at it 
 And as for all me and D12 we feel like "Fuck rap!" 
 It feels like our general just fuckin' died in our lap 
 We shut off all our pagers, all our cell numbers is changed 
 Our two-ways are in the trash 
 So some cats will have to find a new way 
 And I know it feels like the dreams will die with you today 
 But the truth is they're all still here and you ain't 
 Purple Gang, you gotta keep pressin' on 
 Don't ever give up the dream, dog, I got love for you all 
 And Doody, it's true you brought people together 
 Who never woulda been in the same room if it wasn't for you 
 You were the peacemaker, Doody 
 I know sometimes you were moody 
 But you hated confrontation and truly hated the feuding 
 But you was down for yours whenever it came to scrappin' 
 If it had to happen, it had to happen 
 Believe me, I know you're the one who taught me to throw them bows back on Dresden 
 From eggin' cars to paintballin' and gettin' arrested 
 To sittin' across from each other in cells, laughin' and jestin' 
 They tried to hit us for five years for that, no question 
 I guess them hookers and bums that we shot up didn't show up for court, so we got off on a technicality, left sweatin' 
 Me, you and… what's his face? I forgot his fuckin' name 
 Shame he even came to your funeral, he betrayed our team 
 And if I see him again I'ma punch him in the fuckin' face 
 And that’s on Hailie Jade, Whitney Laine and Alaina’s name 
 I'll let the pistol bang once just to lick a shot 
 In the air for you and pour some liquor out 
 With Obie in the parking lot of 54 just before 
 We were supposed to get in cars to come and see you once more 
 Difficult as it sounds 
  
 [Outro: Obie Trice] 
 Doody![Intro: Tony Yayo & 50 Cent] 
 Shady! 
 Yeah 
  
 [Chorus: 50 Cent] 
 Who run it? You know, you actin' like you don't know 
 We run it, yeah, you know, but you actin' like you don't know 
 Who run it? You know, you actin' like you don't know 
 We run it, yeah, you know but you actin' like you don't know 
 You know, you actin' like you don't know 
 I tear the club up fo' sho' 
 This flow is gon' bring mo' dough 
 Yeah, you know, but you actin' like you don't know 
  
 [Verse 1: 50 Cent] 
 Now, homie, I say I run it, run it 'cause I'm in control 
 Hpnotiq, Hennessy, a couple shots of Patrón 
 I have you feelin' a'ight, I get you high as a kite 
 Party poppin', shawty says she comin' with me tonight 
 I ain't shoulder leanin', I ain't snappin' and poppin' 
 Either I'm bobbin' my head or I'm just standin' there watchin' 
 I'm a hustler, I hustle; you can tell that I'm paid 
 And I protect what I got, I'm in the house with my blade 
 Nigga, you front, you gon' get it, okay, now maybe I've said it 
 'Cause I want you to tridip, yeah, I be on that shidit 
 You should see when I'm stuntin', I flash the stones to be wantin' 
 Push the whip, see me rollin', you can tell that I'm holdin' 
 I'm just doin' my thang, you know the Unit's the gang 
 I got my grimy Shady with me, you front, you'll have to get me 
 Off yo' ass, I pay the lawsuit and laugh 
 Haha! It's not a big deal, it's nothin' but some cash 
 Let's go! 
  
 [Chorus: 50 Cent] 
 Who run it? You know, you actin' like you don't know 
 I tear the club up fo' sho' 
 This flow is gon' bring mo' dough 
 Yeah, you know, but you actin' like you don't know 
 Who run it? You know, you actin' like you don't know 
 I tear the club up fo' sho' 
 This flow is gon' bring mo' dough 
 Yeah, you know, but you actin' like you don't know 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 When me and Fif' got together to do this music 
 The more we became enveloped 
 We just developed a fellowship through it 
 It's no pretend shit, it's friendship, mi nemesis es su nemesis 
 Same for him, it's just media, see to them it's just images 
 But this shit is no gimmicks, this is blood in and blood out 
 When it's beef you just gotta know when to butt in and butt out 
 If there's a problem we solve it, if we don't resolve it 
 It usually just evolves into one big brawl 
 And we all get involved in it 
 And we should all get a merit, this much beef we inherit 
 And wear it like a badge with honor, pass it around and share it 
 And let it go to whoever's holdin' 
 The most current beef on their shoulders 
 And their soldiers got their backs 'til it's over 
 But tonight we ain't come in here to beef with nobody 
 We came to party: Banks, Ca$his, and Mr. Ferrari 
 So it's Shady, Aftermizath, back in that ass, you izzask? 
 Come izzon, what kinda fizzuckin' quizzestion is that? 
  
 [Chorus: 50 Cent & Eminem] 
 Who run it? You know, you actin' like you don't know 
 I tear the club up fo' sho' 
 This flow is gon' bring mo' dough 
 Yeah, you know, but you actin' like you don't know 
 Who run it? I said, you know but you actin' like you don't know 
 I tear the club up fo' sho' 
 This flow is gon' bring mo' dough 
 Yeah, you know, but you actin' like you don't know 
  
 [Verse 3: Ca$his] 
 Pistol play, ricochet, see where the victim lay 
 Slumped over bleedin'; J.F.K 
 HK 'til your chest plate cave 
 I'ma ride to the death, do you rep that way? 
 Forever I'ma be a Shady 7-4 gangsta 
 Pussy, I'll survive everything you got in that chamber 
 I thrive off of danger, jumpin' in all beef 
 You keep talkin' shit, now the squad have called me 
  
 [Verse 4: Lloyd Banks] 
 Enough holdin' back the steam, Em let off a magazine 
 Dappadon Cappa Queens, mixed in with Ca$his creams 
 Started off with half a dream, developed into what you see 
 Tellin' ain't my cup of tea, can't tell I'm a fuckin' G? 
 I'm on automatic when I'm at it, start static 
 And you splattered, shit shattered, I'm a walkin' bitch magnet 
 Spit it how I live it, live it all-way to the limit 
 And I'm always on my pivot for my digits, you dig it? 
 See… 
  
 [Chorus: 50 Cent] 
 Who run it? You know, you actin' like you don't know 
 We run it, yeah, you know, but you actin' like you don't know 
 Who run it? You know, you actin' like you don't know 
 We run it, yeah, you know but you actin' like you don't know 
 You know, you actin' like you don't know 
 I tear the club up fo' sho' 
 This flow is gon' bring mo' dough 
 Yeah, you know, but you actin' like you don't know 
  
 [Outro: Tony Yayo] 
 You know who this is 
 Shady, G-Unit, Aftermath 
 Lloyd Banks, Ca$his, Marshall Mathers, Ferrari F-50 
 It's a movement, you can't stop it 
 Talk of New York, Tony Yayo[Intro] 
 Yeah, haha, you feel that, baby? 
 Yeah, I feel it too, damn 
 You know, I'm so glad we could spend this time together 
 You see, I'm not as crazy as you thought I was, am I? 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I’m the American Dream 
 I’m the definiton of white trash ballin’ 
 I’m right back on 'em with a *err-chick-err, chicka-chick* 
 I can’t call it, same shit, different toilet 
 Oh, you got a nice ass, darling 
 Can’t wait to get you into my Benz, take you for a spin 
 What you mean we ain't fuckin’? You take me for a friend? 
 Let me tell you the whole story of Shady’s origin 
 You’ll be sorry if you slam my Mercedes door again 
 Now, it all started with my father 
 I must’ve got my pimpin' genes from him 
 The way he left my momma 
 I’m a rolling stone, just like him, word to Johnny Drama 
 Keep my entourage with me, baby, I’ll make a promise 
 There ain't nobody as bomb as 
 Me, I’m as calm as the breeze 
 I’m the bee’s knees, his legs, and his arms 
 I'm a superstar, girl, I’m ready for you, mama 
 Why you think the only thing I got on is my pajamas? 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'm so bad, I’m so good that I’m so bad 
 I guarantee I’ll be the greatest thing you ever had 
 ‘Cause you ain't never met nobody like me 
 And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again 
 I'm so bad, I’m so good that I’m so bad 
 I guarantee I’ll be the greatest thing you ever had 
 ‘Cause you ain't never met nobody like me 
 And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I'm equivalent to a shot of Cuervo 
 First I’ll kiss your navel, work my way down 
 Baby, you can lay down on the table 
 But you may wanna find somethin' more stable 
 I told you I ain't foolin' from the gate 
 This ain't the first day of April 
 But thank you for stayin', April 
 I'ma make you learn to appreciate me, differentiate me 
 From these phony, little fishy and sissy fake Gs 
 Skip over the "huggy bear," and all the "kissy face," please 
 Initiate phase three, missy, now service me 
 Take another shot of Jäger, shakin' so nervously 
 Take your time, baby, oh, you’re the bomb, baby 
 Oh, you’re doing that even better than your mom, lady 
 I told you why I’m Shady, you didn't listen now, did ya? 
 Relax, woman, you know that I’m only kiddin' with ya 
 Got a twisted sense of humor, it's warped, but I didn't hit ya 
 I think you’re finally startin' to get the picture, I’m just... 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'm so bad, I’m so good that I’m so bad 
 I guarantee I’ll be the greatest thing you ever had 
 ‘Cause you ain't never met nobody like me 
 And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again 
 I'm so bad, I’m so good that I’m so bad 
 I guarantee I’ll be the greatest thing you ever had 
 ‘Cause you ain't never met nobody like me 
 And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again 
  
 [Bridge] 
 Call me dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, soul 
 Call me dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, soul 
 I can hold you in the morning 
 But in the evening I gotta go 
 ‘Cause I'm on to the next girl 
 And the next girl I kind of like, oh 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I got you caught up in the rapture, make you recapture 
 The feelings you had for your last boyfriend before he slapped ya 
 You never wanted someone so bad, you're 
 Sweatin', but if I’m what you wanted 
 Why’d you panic when I grabbed ya? 
 Girl, don't be so frantic, I’m just a hopeless romantic 
 Don't try to fight the feeling of somethin' that's so organic 
 You can’t ignore it, so don't, just stand before it 
 Just drop them panties to the floor, let’s get to camcordin' 
 Damn, shawty, I told you this was bound to happen 
 Soon as you wrote your number on the napkin 
 I was bound to work a number on your back 
 And throw your spine out of alignment 
 My love has got you so blind that 
 You couldn't pick Amy Winehouse out of a line-up 
 So stop at the store, pick a pint up 
 Let's get the pineapple Schnapps going, no one will knock 
 ‘Cause I'ma hang a sign up saying "Don't Disturb" 
 Shawty, I’m so superb 
 I say the right things, don't I spit the dopest words? 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'm so bad, I’m so good that I’m so bad 
 I guarantee I’ll be the greatest thing you ever had 
 ‘Cause you ain't never met nobody like me 
 And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again 
 I'm so bad, I’m so good that I’m so bad 
 I guarantee I’ll be the greatest thing you ever had 
 ‘Cause you ain't never met nobody like me 
 And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again 
  
 [Bridge] 
 Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, soul 
 Dynamite, dynamite, dynamite, soul 
 I can hold you in the morning 
 But in the evening I gotta go 
 ‘Cause I am on to the next girl 
 And the next girl I kind of like, oh 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'm so bad, I’m so good that I’m so bad 
 I guarantee I’ll be the greatest thing you ever had 
 ‘Cause you ain't never met nobody like me 
 And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again 
 I'm so bad, I’m so good that I’m so bad 
 I guarantee I’ll be the greatest thing you ever had 
 ‘Cause you ain't never met nobody like me 
 And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again 
  
 [Outro] 
 Dr. Dre 
 2010 
 Lightyears ahead of you[Verse 1] 
 In my mind I'm a fighter, my heart's a lighter 
 My soul is the fluid, my flow sparks it right up 
 An arsenic writer, author with arth-r-itis 
 Carpal-tunnel, Marshall with start-shit-itis 
 Hard-headed and hot-headed 
 Bull-headed and pig-headed, dick-headed, a prick 
 A big headache, I'm sick, quick-witted for every lyric spitted 
 There are six critics who wait for me to slip with it 
 So quick, this dynamite stick, bury the wick 
 It's gonna explode any minute 
 Some lunatic lit it, and it's not Nelly 
 Do not tell me to stop yelling 
 When I stop selling I'll quit, so stop dwelling! 
 I am not failing, you fuckers are not ready 
 ‘Cause I got jelly, like Beyoncé's pot belly 
 This is destiny; yes, money, I'm off running 
 So get off of me, I'm not slowing or softening 
  
 [Hook] 
 No apologies! Nah, suckers, I'm not sorry 
 You can all sue me, y'all could be the cause of me 
 No apologies! Y'all feeling the force of me 
 No remorse for me, like there was no recourse for me 
 No apologies! Not even acknowledging you at all 
 'Til I get a call that God's coming 
 No apologies! Laugh, fuckers, it's all funny 
 I can spit in your face while you're standing across from me 
 No apologies! 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 My head hits the pillow, a weeping willow 
 I can't sleep, a pain so deep it bellows 
 But these cellos help just to keep me mellow 
 Hands on my head, touch knees to elbows 
 I'm hunched over, emotion just flows over 
 These cold shoulders are both frozen, you don't know me 
 I keep saying it, I can't stress it enough 
 So keep playing it, and stand next to the subs 
 I choke mics like asphyxiation 
 When I'm strangling my own throat masturbatin' 
 Fuck yeah, I'm a basket case and 
 I master this rap shit 'til my ass gets wasted 
 'Til my assassination 
 'Til I'm slain because of some fag's infatuation 
 .44 mag's fascination 
 A taste for disaster, and if that's the case, then— 
  
 [Hook] 
 No apologies! Nah, suckers, I'm not sorry 
 You can all sue me, y'all could be the cause of me 
 No apologies! Y'all feeling the force of me 
 No remorse for me, like there was no recourse for me 
 No apologies! Not even acknowledging you at all 
 'Til I get a call that God's coming 
 No apologies! Laugh, fuckers, it's all funny 
 I can spit in your face while you're standing across from me 
 No apologies! 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 This song isn't for you, it's for me 
 A true MC, it's what he'll do just to see 
 If he still has it and if his skills mastered 
 He's able to spill raps long after he's killed, that's a 
 Real MC, got you feelin' me 
 Whether willing or unwillingly, you still agree 
 As long as there's still this hunger and will in me 
 Then expect a longer life expectancy 
 I'd be a savage beast If I ain't had this 
 Outlet to salvage me inside 
 I'd be exploding, soaked in self-loathing 
 And mourning, so I'm warning you don't coax me 
 It's silly, I’m really a sheep in wolf's clothing 
 Who only reacts when he gets pushed, don't be 
 Fooled, the press blows up this whole thing 
 It's stupid, they don't know, ‘cause they don't see 
 That I'm wounded, all they did was ballooned it 
 I'm sick of talkin' about these tattoos Cartoon did 
 That's why I tuned it out, I'm sick of dukin' 
 They can suck my dick while I'm pukin' 
 And you too, you can— 
  
 [Outro] 
 Expect no sympathy from me 
 I'm an MC, this is how I'm supposed to be 
 Cold as a G, my heart's frozen 
 It don't even beat, so expect no apologies 
 Expect no sympathy from me 
 I'm an MC, this is how I'm supposed to be 
 Cold as a G, my heart's frozen 
 It don't even beat, so expect no apologies[Chorus] 
 (I don't know) Yes, man 
 (Why this world keeps turning) As the world turns 
 ('Round and 'round) We all experience things in life 
 (But I wish it would stop and let me off right now) 
 Trials and tribulations 
 (I don't know) That we all must go through 
 (Why this world keeps turning) When someone wants to test us 
 ('Round and 'round) When someone tries our patience 
 (But I wish it would stop and let me off right now) 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I hang with a bunch of hippies and wacky tobacco planters 
 Who swallow lit roaches and light up like jack-o-lanterns 
 Outsidaz, baby, and we suin' the courts 
 'Cause we dope as fuck and only get a 2 in The Source 
 Yo, they never should've booted me outta reform school (Uh-uh) 
 Deformed fool, takin' a shit in the warm pool 
 'Til they threw me out the Ramada Inn 
 I said, "It wasn't me, I got a twin" 
 Oh my God, it's you, not again (Ahh) 
 It all started when my mother took my bike away 
 'Cause I murdered my guinea pig and stuck him in the microwave 
 After that, it was straight to the 40 ouncers 
 Slappin' teachers and jackin' off in front of my counselors 
 Class clown freshman, dressed like Les Nessman 
 Fuck the next lesson, I'll pass the test guessin' 
 And all the other kids said, "Eminem is a thizz head 
 He'll never last, the only class he'll ever pass is Phys Ed" 
 Maybe true, 'til I told this bitch in gym class 
 That she was too fat to swim laps, she need a Slim Fast 
 (Who, me?) Yeah, bitch, you so big 
 You walked into Vic Tanny's and stepped on Jenny Craig 
 (Well, I have never) 
 She picked me up to snap me like a skinny twig 
 Put me in a headlock, then I thought of my guinea pig 
 (Wait, wait, wait, wait) 
 I felt the evilness and started transformin' (Rrrahh) 
 It began stormin', I heard a bunch of cheerin' fans swarmin' 
 Grabbed that bitch by her hair, drug her across the ground (Come here, bitch) 
 And took her up to the highest divin' board and tossed her down 
 Sorry coach, it's too late to tell me stop 
 While I drop this bitch face down and watch her belly-flop 
  
 [Chorus] 
 ('Cause I don't know) As the world turns 
 (Why this world keeps turning) These are the days of our lives 
 ('Round and 'round) These are the things that we must go through 
 (But I wish it would stop and let me off right now) Day by day 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 We drive around in million-dollar sports cars 
 While little kids hide this tape from their parents like bad report cards 
 Outsidaz, and we suin' the courts 
 'Cause we dope as fuck and only get a 2 in The Source (Yo) 
 Hypochondriac, hangin' out at the laundromat 
 Where all the raunchy, fat, white-trashy blondes be at 
 Dressed like a sailor, standin' by a pail of garbage 
 It's almost dark and I'm still tryna nail a trailer park bitch 
 I met a slut and said, "What up? It's nice to meet ya" (Hi) 
 "I'd like to treat you to a Faygo and a slice of pizza 
 But I'm broke as fuck 
 And I don't get paid 'til the first of next month (Sorry) 
 But if you'd care to join me, I was about to roll this next blunt 
 But I ain't got no weed, no Phillies or no papers 
 Plus, I'm a rapist and a repeated prison escapist 
 So give me all your money and don't try nothin' funny 
 'Cause you know your stinking ass is too fat to try to outrun me" 
 I went to grab my gun, that's when her ass put it on me (Stop) 
 With an uppercut, hit me with a basket of laundry (Ooh) 
 I fell through the glass doors, started causin' a scene 
 Slid across the floor and flew right into a washin' machine 
 Jumped up with a broken back, thank God I was smokin' crack 
 All day, and doped up on coke and smack 
 All I wanted to do was rape the bitch and snatch her purse 
 Now I wanna kill her, but yo, I gotta catch her first 
 Ran through Rally's parkin' lot and took a shortcut 
 Saw the house she ran up in and shot her fuckin' porch up 
 Kicked the door down to murder this divorced slut 
 Looked around the room 
 That's when I seen her bedroom door shut 
 "I know you're in there, bitch, I got my gun cocked 
 You might as well come out now" 
 She said, "Come in, it's unlocked" 
 I walked in and all I smelled was Liz Claiborne 
 And seen her spread across the bed naked, watchin' gay porn 
 She said, "Come here, big boy, let's get acquainted" 
 I turned around to run, twisted my ankle and sprained it 
 She came at me at full speed, nothin' could stop her 
 I shot her five times and every bullet bounced off her 
 I started to beg, "No, please let go" 
 But she swallowed my fuckin' leg whole like an egg roll 
 With one leg left, now I'm hoppin' around crippled 
 I grabbed my pocket knife and sliced off her right nipple 
 Just tryna buy me some time, then I remembered this magic trick 
 Duh-dah-duh-dah-duh-duh, go-go gadget dick 
 Whipped that shit out, and ain't no doubt about it 
 It hit the ground, caused an earthquake and power outage 
 I shouted, "Now, bitch, let's see who gets the best" 
 Stuffed that shit in, crooked and fucked that fat slut to death 
 Ow, ow (Come here, bitch) 
 Ow, ahh (Come here, take this mothafuckin' dick, bitch, come here) 
  
 [Chorus] 
 ('Cause I don't know) And as we go along 
 (Why this world keeps turning) Throughout the days of our lives 
 ('Round and 'round) 
 (But I wish it would stop and let me off right now) 
 We all face small obstacles 
 (I don't know) And challenges everyday 
 (Why this world keeps turning) That we must go through 
 ('Round and 'round) These are the things 
 That surround us through our atmosphere 
 (But I wish it would stop and let me off right now) 
 (I don't know) Every day 
 (Why this world keeps turning) Every single day the world keeps turning 
 ('Round and 'round) Keeps turning 
 (But I wish it would stop and let me off right now) Keeps turning 
 (I don't know why this world keeps turning)[Chorus] 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 (Hollywood, why do I feel this way?) 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I thought I had it all figured out, I did 
 I thought I was tough enough to stick it out with Kim 
 But I wasn't tough enough to juggle two things at once 
 I found myself laying on my knees in cuffs 
 Which should've been a reason enough for me to get my stuff 
 And just leave, how come I couldn't see this shit myself? 
 It's just me, nobody couldn't see the shit I felt 
 Knowing damn well she wasn't gonna be there when I fell 
 To catch me; the minute shit was heated, she just bailed 
 I'm standing here swinging on like thirty people by myself 
 I couldn't even see the millimeter when it fell 
 Turned around, saw Gary stashing the heater in his belt 
 Saw the bouncers rush him and beat him to the ground 
 I just sold two million records, I don't need to go to jail 
 I'm not about to lose my freedom over no female 
 I need to slow down 
 Try to get my feet on solid ground, so for now 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 (Hollywood, why do I feel this way?) 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Bury my face in comic books, ‘cause I don't wanna look 
 At nothing, this world's too much, I've swallowed all I could 
 If I could swallow a bottle of Tylenol I would 
 And end it for good, just say goodbye to Hollywood 
 I probably should, these problems are piling all at once 
 ‘Cause everything that bothers me, I got it bottled up 
 I think I'm bottoming out, but I'm not about to give up 
 I gotta get up, thank God I got a little girl 
 And I'm a responsible father, so not a lot of good 
 I'd be to my daughter laying in the bottom of the mud 
 Must be in my blood ‘cause I don't know how I do it 
 All I know is I don't wanna follow in the footsteps 
 Of my dad ‘cause I hate him so bad 
 The worst fear that I had 
 Was growing up to be like his fucking ass 
 Man, if you could understand why I am the way that I am 
 What do I say to my fans when I tell 'em I'm 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 (Hollywood, why do I feel this way?) 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I don't wanna quit, but shit, I feel like this is it 
 For me to have this much appeal like this is sick 
 This is not a game, this fame, in real life, this is sick 
 "Publicity stunt" my ass, "conceal" my fucking dick 
 Fuck the guns, I'm done, I'll never look at gats 
 If I scrap, I'll scrap like I ain't never whipped some ass 
 I love my fans, but no one ever puts a grasp 
 On the fact I've sacrificed everything I have 
 I never dreamt I'd get to the level that I'm at 
 This is wack, this is more than I ever coulda asked 
 Everywhere I go, a hat, a sweater hood or mask 
 What about math, how come I wasn't ever good at that? 
 It's like the boy in the bubble, who never could adapt 
 I'm trapped, if I could go back, I never woulda rapped 
 I sold my soul to the devil, I'll never get it back 
 I just wanna leave this game with level head intact 
 Imagine goin' from bein' a no-one to seeing 
 Everything blow up, and all you did was just grow up emceeing 
 It's fucking crazy, ‘cause all I wanted was to give Hailie 
 The life I never had, instead I forced us to live alienated, so I'm saying 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 (Hollywood, why do I feel this way?) 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
 Saying goodbye, saying goodbye to Hollywood 
  
 [Outro] 
 Goodbye, goodbye Hollywood (Goodbye) 
 Please don't cry for me (It's been real) 
 When I'm gone for good (This shit is not for me) 
 So goodbye, goodbye Hollywood (I'm not a fucking star) 
 Please don't cry for me (No way) 
 When I'm gone for good (I'm going back home)[Intro] 
 Nah, man—not quite finished yet 
 Haha, woo! 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Girl, I think you just might've tried 
 To pull a motherfuckin’ fast one, I’m mad 
 You just hurt my goddamn feeling and that was the last one I had 
 Does this look like an arcade? 
 Tryna play games? See this saw blade? 
 See this silhouette of a stalker in your walkway? 
 Better cooperate or get sauteed 
 And rotisseried while you’re hog-tied 
 MC’s get so quiet 
 You can hear a motherfuckin' dog whistle when I walk by 
 Colt Seavers on a mule, stuntin' on that ass like the fuckin’ Fall Guy 
 I don’t gas my Mercedes after midnight, I treat it like a Mogwai 
 'Cause it will turn into a Gremlin 
 And run over kids, women, and men—Vrinn-Vrinn! 
 Motor so big, you can fit a midget in his engine 
 Bitch, give me them digits, why you cringin’? 
 Not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin 
 Will I spend-spend even ten cents on you, since when 
 Do you think it’s gonna cost me a pretty penny? 
 Shit, if I think a penny’s pretty 
 Just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me 
 Eenie-meenie-miney-mo 
 Catch an Eskimo by his toe while he’s tryin' to roll a snowball 
 But don’t make him lose his cool 
 If he hollers, better let him go, y’all 
  
 [Chorus: Sample + Eminem] 
 "You don't own me" 
 Now here we go, go, go 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Get up, baby, get a move on like a U-Haul 
 You can rack your brain like pool balls 
 You won't ever think of this shit—yeah, honey, you called? 
 Well, here I come, Havoc on the beat, I wreak it 
 Evil—I see, hear, and speak it 
 Lady, put your money on Shady, fuck that other weak shit 
 Put your eggs in the same basket 
 You can count every motherfuckin’ chicken 'fore it hatches 
 'Cause you can bet your ass that we gonna get it crackin’ 
 Like the Kraken and Titans when they're clashin' 
 Get your brains bashed in 
 So bad, you will have Kurt Cobain askin’ 
 To autograph a bloodstained napkin 
 Unfashionable, and 'bout as rational as a rash on a fag’s asshole 
 Now let’s take that line, run it up the flagpole 
 With Elton, see if he’s cool with it 
 Don’t stand there and look stupid at 
 Me, bitch, I ain’t in the mood for this shit 
 Get my dick, Google it 'til it pops up 
 Y’all are so motherfuckin’ full of shit that you're stopped up 
 Me, I’m always shittin' diarrhea of the mouth 
 'Til your speakers crap out Pfft, huh, what? 
 Girl, you got a hot butt 
 Like a lit cigarette (chig-chigga-ret-ret) 
 But you won’t get a hot fudge sundae from me 
 So do not strut my way, slut, because— 
  
 [Chorus: Sample + Eminem] 
 "You don't own me" 
 Now here we go, go, go 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 And now that I got your panties in a bunch 
 And your bowels in an uproar 
 I'ma show you why I came, so you stop askin' me what the fuck for 
 Now look you little slut, cunt, whore, I know you want more 
 Bitch, it’s time to put the math back into Mathers 
 'Cause I’m a fuckin’ problem—run, boy! 
 Every flow, got it mastered 
 So every last word that you fuckin’ fags heard 
 Comes straight from the fish's ass 
 Yeah, in other words, I’m a bass-turd 
 Lookin' at me like I killed Kenny, gas in the tank, yeah, still plenty 
 No morals are instilled in me, so remorse, I really don’t feel any 
 Eat your heart out, Hannibal, understandable why you're jealous 
 Fuck an animal, I got cannibal magnetism 
 Can't resist him now—can you, ho? 
 “Shady, I don’t understand your flow” 
 Understand my flow? Bitch, I flow like Troy Polamalu’s hair, boy 
 Don’t you dare try to follow or compare, boy 
 I’m raw, you ain’t even medium-rare 
 Stay the fuck outta my hair, boy 
 You can look, you can stare, and point 
 But you can’t touch, I’m too clairvoyant 
 I don’t get it, man, is there a void? 
 All this weak shit, what am I, steroids? 
 Well, bitch, I’m back with some shit for that ass 
 And your trunk, elephant hemorrhoids 
 And remember, boys— 
  
 [Chorus: Sample + Eminem] 
 "You don't own me" 
 Now here we go, go, go 
  
 [Outro] 
 Thank you for coming out 
 I hope you enjoyed the show 
 Until next time; 
 Peace[Chorus] 
 The days are cold, livin' without you 
 The nights are long, I’m growin' older 
 I miss the days of old, thinkin' about you 
 You may be gone, but you’re never over 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 If Proof could see me now, I know he’d be proud 
 Somewhere in me deep down, there’s somethin' in me he found 
 That made him believe in me, now no one can beat me now 
 You try, it’ll be them doors on Dre's Phantom, believe me, clowns 
 That means "suicide," homie 
 You’ll never throw me off of this course, blow me! 
 Bitch, I do this all for the sport only 
 But I want it all, I’m not just talkin' awards, homie 
 And the ball's in my court and it’s lonely 
 On top of the world, when you’re the only one 
 With the balls in your shorts 
 To leave their jaws on the floors with no remorse 
 'Member that when they get to doggin' you boy, homie 
 So y’all can just get to bloggin' about bologna 
 I’m not gonna stop, the saga continues, no stoppin' the force, Obi 
 I’m moppin' the floors with 'em 
 I keep tryna pass it, but they keep on droppin' the torch 
 And it won’t be long 'til this sport is O-V-E-R 
 Just Blaze and me, we are knockin' on doors 
 And no, we ain’t pumpkins on Halloween 
 But we’ll show up on your porch, so be 
 Careful what you say, there ain’t no punks over here, so follow me 
 Through the fog like I’m S-N-double-O-P 
 Let me guide you through the smoke, G 
 If only I wasn’t travelin' down this road by my lonely 
 No one who knew me like you will ever know me 
 I don’t think you understand how much you meant to me 
  
 [Chorus] 
 The days are cold, livin' without you 
 The nights are long, I’m growin' older 
 I miss the days of old, thinkin' about you 
 You may be gone, but you’re never over 
  
 [Bridge] 
 And it don’t stop, oh-oooh 
 And it don’t quit, oh-oooh 
 And it don’t stop, oh-oooh 
 And it don’t quit, oh-oooh 
 And I miss you, oh-oooh 
 I just miss you, oh-oooh 
 I just miss you, oh-oooh 
 And homie, I’ll never forget you, nooo 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 For you, I wanna write the sickest rhyme of my life 
 So sick it’ll blow up the mic, it’ll put the "dyna" in mite 
 Yeah, it’ll make the dopest MC 
 Wanna jump off a bridge and shit himself 
 Tap dancin' all over the beat, it’ll jump off the page and spit itself 
 Guess that the best thing I can do 
 Right now, Doody, for you is to rep 
 So I’m gonna fuck 'til I die, yeah, I'ma do it to death 
 And instead of mournin' your death 
 I’d rather celebrate your life, elevate to new heights 
 Step on the gas and accelerate, I'ma need two mics 
 'Cause the way that I’m feelin' tonight 
 Everything I can just do right 
 There’s nothin' that I can do wrong 
 I’m too strong and I’m just too hype 
 Just finish the rhyme and I bust it 
 Excuse the corny metaphor, but they’ll never ketchup 
 To all this energy that I’ve mustard 
 So God, just help me out while I fight through this grievin' process 
 Tryna process this loss is makin' me nauseous 
 But this depression ain't takin' me hostage 
 I’ve been patiently watchin' this game 
 Pacin' these hallways, you had faith in me always 
 Proof, you knew I’d come out of this slump 
 Rise from these ashes, come right back on their asses 
 And go Mike Tyson on these bastards 
 And I'ma show 'em, blow 'em out the water, slaughter 'em, homes 
 I’ma own so many belts, only place they can hit me is below 'em 
 Homie, I know I’m never gonna be the same without you 
 I never woulda came in this game, I’m goin' insane without you 
 Matter fact, it was just the other night 
 Had another dream about you 
 You told me to get up, I got up, I spread my wings and I flew 
 You gave me a reason to fight, I was on my way to see you 
 You told me, "Naw, Doody, you’re not!" 
 Layin' on that table, I knew 
 I was gonna make it soon as you said, "think of Hailie", I knew 
 There wasn’t no way that I was ever gonna leave them babies 
 And Proof, not many are lucky enough 
 To have a guardian angel like you, Lord, I’m so thankful 
 Please don’t think that I don’t feel grateful, I do 
 Just grant me the strength that I need 
 For one more day to get through 
 So, homie, this is your song, I dedicate this to you 
 I love you, Doody 
  
 [Chorus] 
 The days are cold, livin' without you 
 The nights are long, I’m growin' older 
 I miss the days of old, thinkin' about you 
 You may be gone, but you’re never over 
  
 [Bridge] 
 And it don’t stop, oh-oooh 
 And it don’t quit, oh-oooh 
 And it don’t stop, oh-oooh 
 And it don’t quit, oh-oooh 
 And I miss you, oh-oooh 
 I just miss you, oh-oooh 
 I just miss you, oh-oooh 
 And homie, I’ll never forget you, nooo[Intro] 
 Yeah 
 Same song and dance 
 Damn girl, everywhere I go 
 Same song and dance 
 I like the way you move, all over the globe 
 Same song and dance 
 Something about it, man 
 Same song and dance 
 In the pale moonlight, yo 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I'm lookin' at ya, yeah girl, you're kinda tooken back by 
 The whole rapper thing, aren't ya? 
 Probably thinking you'll get slapped so dang hard, ya 
 Won't even be able to stand up straight, aren't ya? 
 Couple rape charges, people think you're a monster 
 The police constantly bugging you non-stop 
 I walk up on ya, “Well, hello Tonya” 
 I think you got your OnStar button inside your car stuck 
 You out of gas? Do you got a flat? 
 I would hate for you to be stranded at the laundromat 
 I got your back 
 Why don't you put your laundry baskets in the back 
 And sit up front; I'm not asking, it's a trap 
 You just got jacked and body snatched, and it's a wrap 
 In broad day, and no mask for this attack 
 I heard 'em say exact opposites attract 
 If that's a fact, it'll take task force to get you back 
 Come on 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Yeah baby, do that dance 
 It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do 
 Girl, shake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass 
 That windshield's too strong for you 
 I said, yeah baby, sing that song 
 It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing 
 You sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all 
 Look at you bawl, why you crying to me? 
 Same song and dance 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 The first victim I had, she was a big one 
 Big movie star, a party girl, big fun 
 She was the girl the media always picked on 
 In and out of rehab every four-to-six months 
 She was always known for little pranks and slick stunts 
 At Nickelodeon, flashed the little kids once 
 What an event it was, I was sitting in front 
 I was hooked in at the first glimpse of them buns 
 Seen her backstage, now here's where I come in, son 
 Look, here she comes, I better pull out the big guns 
 Hello Lindsay, you're looking a little thin, hun 
 How 'bout a ride to rehab? Get in, cunt 
 But starting off on the wrong foot is what I didn't want 
 Girl, I'm just kidding, let me start over again, hun 
 See what I meant was, we should have a little intervention 
 Come with me to Brighton, let me relieve your tension 
 You little wench, ya, murder wasn't my intention 
 If I wanted to kill you, it would've already been done 
 Slowly she gets in and I begin to lynch her 
 With 66 inches of extension cord 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Yeah baby, do that dance 
 It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do 
 Girl, shake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass 
 That windshield's too strong for you 
 I said, yeah baby, sing that song 
 It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing 
 You sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all 
 Look at you bawl, why you crying to me? 
 Same song and dance 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 My second victim was even bigger than the first 
 Pop star, icon, the whole works 
 She played a little schoolgirl when she first 
 Burst upon the scene and seen that the world was hers 
 She twirls and turns and flirts in skirts so bad it hurts 
 It irked me, it made me mad at first 
 I lashed out in my songs, but what was really going on 
 Was that I had developed a crush 
 I just didn't know how to tell it to her 
 Should I cut off one of my ears and mail it to her? 
 Send her pictures of my collection of skeletons, or 
 Footage of me impaling myself on an elephant tusk? 
 We'll settle this once and for all, I'ma tell her at dusk 
 Tonight, tonight is the night, and tell her I must 
 Creep up to her mansion in stilettos, and just 
 Climb the gate, and ring the bell, like "Hello, my love" 
 I just picked your prescription for Seroquel up 
 Now would you like to share a pill or two with me? 
 I'll share my Valium with you 'cause I'm feeling you Britney 
 I'll trade you a blue one for a pink one 
 Ever since a schoolgirl juvenile delinquent 
 I've been feeling you, ooh-ooh, girl, you sexy little gal, you 
 Hold that pill any longer, it'll get sentimental value 
 C'mon toots, give me the Valium alley-oop 
 I'll slam dunk it in your mouth 'til you puke 
 And just as soon as you pass out in your alphabet soup 
 I'm 'bout to make a new outfit out of you 
 New outfit? Shit, I'll make a suit out of you, shoot 
 Now, show me how you move, baby, do how a-you do 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Yeah baby, do that dance 
 It's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do 
 Girl, shake that ass, you ain't never gonna break that glass 
 That windshield's too strong for you 
 I said, yeah baby, sing that song 
 It's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing 
 You sexy little thing, show me what you got, give it your all 
 Look at you bawl, why you crying to me? 
 Same song and dance 
  
 [Outro] 
 Same kicking and screaming, same crying and sobbing 
 Same song and dance 
 Same begging and pleading, same yelling and bleeding 
 Same song and dance 
 Yeah 
 Same song and dance 
 I know 
 Same song and dance[Verse 1] 
 Used to get bent, now I represent to the fullest 
 Pencil is full of insolent bullets 
 I'm like a Doberman Pinscher, Pitbull and a Rott' 
 Mixed with a toxic, the plot begins to thicken 
 I begin to spittin' like vintage Pac 
 Demented, demonic, sinister 
 Ever since the Doc' replenished me 
 The day he gave me that shot when I was just about to quit 
 So to not see him with me would be a shockin' image 
 And I'm the definition of what a concrete chin is 
 ‘Cause no matter how many times you sock me in it 
 And knock me to the canvas, even the boxin' critics 
 Know that if I get off to a rocky start, I'll always have a Rocky finish 
 Eat me brocoli, spinach, cocky? Nope 
 But I hope I offended you when I told ya how dope I am at 
 This and put emphasis on the "dope" 
 So when names come up, in that conversation of who's the dopest, better throw mine in it 
 And don't mind me, while I remind you of the flow 
 You won't find anywhere 
 When it fires and I unload, my pen explodes 
 'Til there's no rhymes in it, reload in no time 
 Let insults fly every 60 seconds that go by, so you know I meant it 
 In school I was so shy, timid 
 Two pairs of jeans I'd alternate, bummy clothes, I 'member 
 Beggin' my mom for K-Mart MacGregors 
 ‘Cause they were new, St. Vincent de Paul 
 Those Pony's were used, and no size fitted 
 But kissed them old days, adiós, I did it 
 They said I was a gimmick 
 Now I'm the one that those guys mimic 
 Now you fuckers don't wanna go startin' no argument 
 ‘Cause you know I'll win it 
 Name a flow that's more authentic, and don't front 
  
 [Hook: Buckshot] 
 Don't front, you know I got you open, kid 
 Don't front, you know I got you open, kid 
 Don't front, you know I got you open, kid 
 Don't front, you know I got you open, word 
 Don't front, you know I got you open, kid 
 Don't front, you know I got you open, kid 
 Don't front, you know I got you open, kid 
 Yo, why you frontin'? 
 You know I got you open, kid 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Rest in peace to Big Proof 
 You was a beast, you lyrically mirrored me 
 Molded my flow off of you, your spirit's flowin' through me 
 I love you, Doody, without you I feel so incomplete 
 I'm no king, no need for rose petals to be thrown at my feet 
 I'm a thorn in your side, get thrown into a throne 
 Better watch the fuckin' tone that you speak 
 Feel like I'm in the zone, I'm in a whole different league 
 On my motherfuckin' own, it's just me 
 No opponents can compete 
 And I've never been known to retreat 
 From beef, be beat, follow trends or wallow in defeat 
 I'm still hungry as fuck, but can't even say "Bon appétit!" 
 ‘Cause I don't know what to eat 
 Fuckin' microphone or the beat 
 Bitch, nobody's mind works like mine 
 It's nose to the grindstone time, holmes, your mind's blown 
 ‘Cause I rhyme like I'm still tryna get signed 
 Up in the Ebony Show-case 
 With Denaun screamin' "Who the fuck passed you the mic?" 
 Never asked you like my shit from the get 
 I'd rather ask you to wipe my ass, bitch 
 You had you a nice run, now take a hike 
 I ever meet my match, I'ma strike that bitch first 
 ‘Cause on the mic I gotta represent the real rappers 
 The real rappers get their mothafuckin' skills crackin' 
 Word to Buckshot and Dru-Ha, why the fuck not? 
 You don't like it? Suck a cock! Almost forgot 
 Before I signed with the Doc, I almost signed with Duck Down! 
 ‘Cause Rawkus didn't make no offers, so mothafuck Loud 
 They jerked me around, so what's up now? 
 Wow, how much of an asshole would I sound like 
 Rubbin' it in and holdin' some grudge now? But don't front 
  
 [Hook: Buckshot] 
 Don't front, you know I got you open, kid 
 Don't front, you know I got you open, kid 
 Don't front, you know I got you open, kid 
 Don't front, you know I got you open, word 
 Don't front, you know I got you open, kid 
 Don't front, you know I got you open, kid 
 Don't front, you know I got you open, kid 
 Yo, why you frontin'? 
 You know I got you open, kid 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Late at night, used to catch a buzz, couldn't write 
 Now I write the type of shit to make you wipe 
 But wear diapers, ‘cause you might leave a streak 
 I'm on a streak, windshield wipers couldn't wipe 
 It's hard to decipher what cypher I might jump in tonight 
 ‘Cause I'm hyper or somethin' 
 Needin' someone or somethin' is lightin' 
 This fire under me, it's breathin' new life 
 It's like I already died once 
 I guess some people only live twice, and it's funny 
 My days of being broke were so long ago 
 I lost all concept of money 
 But you dimes won't get a fuckin' nickle from me 
 Oh shit, I'm down on one knee 
 I'm havin' a stroke of genius—Elizabeth, I'm comin' to you, honey 
 From boy to man 
 And still make a whore moan, like a thyroid gland 
 I'm in another category, man 
 Don't put me up with them pop stars 
 I never needed a pat on the back to get at a boy, band 
 No offense? Yes offense 
 Precedents has been set that'll never get met 
 Middle finger pressed against Moby's nose 
 Shouts to Obie, the curtains closed on my show 
 But never forget that I'm the one you thought wouldn't make it 
 You can't take it, oh 
 Got a whole generation of rappers comin' up 
 That are nutty with the flow, but convince me you've heard 
 An MC since me who's as good with the fuckin' mincin' of words 
 Without mincin' words that'll make you feel like I'm pinchin' a nerve 
 Who's mentally disturbed 
 You might as well stick a knife in me and turn 
 It'll be like my skin bein' Indian burned 
 Hah, bitch, there isn't one, when will you learn? 
 Never been served, if memory serves 
 I'd battle that 'til my own recollection remembers these words 
  
 [Outro: Buckshot] 
 You know I got you open kid, stop frontin' 
 You know I got you open, Word Life...[Verse 1] 
 Another day, another hotel, the inside of it is nice though, oh well 
 This is my life so as I go and try on clothes for tonight's show 
 To see how far that line goes, still blows my mind, show business 
 Guess I'll just never get, so this shit just always feels so weird 
 To this day because all's I ever did 
 Was just say the shit I would've wanted to hear 
 Other people say to me when I was a kid 
 So please don't make me some type of hero 
 'Cause I will say some ol' inspirational shit in a real way 
 But still will have a field day with some of the fucked up shit 
 In the world and tell it to suck on the dick, 'cause I still make fun 
 Of a sitch someone's in like a son of a bitch at another's expense 
 I'm fuckin' relentless as fuck when it comes to this pen 
 I struggle with coming to senses, stuck on the fence 
 It's a balance beam, if I seem unbalanced, it's challenging 
 When my conscience allows me to think the most foulest 
 Childish things without even blinking, without even thinkin' about 
 All the stinkin' amounts of people that seems to be reachin' 
 But the crowds, they're screaming 
 And The Palace sold out this evening 
 But now it's lay me down to sleeping 
 Is it really my soul to keep, or have I sold it cheap? 
 Is it greed? And do I take more than I need? 
 When I joke of leavin', but keep overachievin' 
 'Cause what it's stole from me I've barely broken even 
  
 [Hook: Luis Resto] 
 I know, it's a fine, fine line 
 Living in hope or dire need 
 I know, it's a fine, fine line 
 Living in hope or dire need 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 So a martyr is how I paint myself 
 And through my harrowin' ordeals I’m so vain I want my respect 
 But ignore the butterfly effect that comes from my dialect 
 'Til I sit in the dark and I reflect 
 And my reflection shows what it's like here 
 'Cause this vanity, surrounded by all these lights 
 Yeah, it's like a nightmare 
 I said, this vanity surrounded by these lights is a night mirror 
 And I don't like how I see myself, so I open the Bible to Isaiah 
 'Cause I swear to Christ there are nights when I stay up and might 
 Say a prayer twice just to make sure God hears 
 'Cause this ice layer I skate on's a nice way of putting it 
 But I like stayin' feistier than a triceratops and like a dice player 
 I got a nice paradise here, sealed off in my lair 
 Away from the bullshit good safe place to sit and talk shit from 
 And this house, is quite bare, but it ain't when you can't leave it 
 And I feel so isolated, it's nice I made it 
 But it's like I paid the price of fame twice, I hate it 
 So I bitch about my life then make another song 
 Vicious cycle ain't it, then wonder why I stay famous 
 I keep walkin' the line, this goldfish bowl gets old 
 But especially when you don’t know 
 If your conscience is sayin' I told you so 
 'Cause you don't even know anymore 
 If you got the soul of a soldier, or you sold your soul 
  
 [Hook: Luis Resto] 
 I know, it's a fine, fine line 
 Living in hope or dire need 
 I know, it's a fine, fine line 
 Living in hope or dire need 
  
 [Bridge] 
 And from here you look so small 
 Hovering high above us all 
 Please come back to me 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I still remember the times when 
 They were simpler than the rhymes of 
 Vanilla Ice were when I was just killin' the mics 
 I'll never forget what that feeling was like 
 I miss those times now when I was just starting out 
 Without a dime and, now I'm diamond 
 I can't even stage dive in the crowd anymore now when I've been 
 Stuck in this house hibernatin', hate even going outside 
 It sucks, sometimes I just wanna walk into Target and look at shit and browse, I don't even want to buy nothin' 
 I just wanna fuckin' walk around inside it 
 Look how excited I sound when I get to talkin' bout life and 
 Everything about it I miss, which now reminds me 
 Put a thousand lighters in the sky for the Outsidaz 
 Wow, I must have had Alzheimer's 
 Long time since I shouted them out, 'bout time 
 'Cause it's been on my mind lately how 
 Zee, you always supported me 
 You vouched, I will never forget that and 
 How you guys accepted me for me and Pace 
 I love you too, you slept on my couch 
 And I've been thinkin' 'bout the time 
 When I slept on the floor at The Outhouse 
 Rhyming's all we ever wanted to do 
 And regardless how life has turned out 
 Inside I'll, I'll always be an outsider 
 My life has been turned inside out but I 
  
 [Hook: Luis Resto] 
 I know, it's a fine, fine line 
 Living in hope or dire need 
 I know, it's a fine, fine line 
 Living in hope or dire need 
  
 [Outro] 
 But I keep walkin' the line...[Intro: Kids' voices + Eminem] 
 I pledge allegiance to the flag 
 Of the United States of America 
 And to the republic for which it stands 
 People! 
 One nation, under God, indivisible 
 It feels so good to be back! 
 With liberty and justice for all 
 Mosh with me now! 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Scrutinize every word, memorize every line 
 I spit it once, refuel, re-energize, and rewind 
 I give sight to the blind, my insight through the mind 
 I exercise my right to express when I feel it's time 
 It's just all in your mind, what you interpret it as 
 I say to fight and you take it as "I'ma whip someone's ass" 
 If you don't understand, don't even bother to ask 
 A father who has grown up with a fatherless past 
 Who has blown up now to rap phenomenon that has 
 Or at least shows no difficulty multi-taskin' 
 And juggling both, perhaps mastered his craft slash 
 Entrepreneur, who's helped launch a few more rap acts 
 Who's had a few obstacles thrown his way through the last half 
 Of his career, typical manure, moving past that 
 Mr. Kiss-His-Ass-Crack, he's a class act 
 Rubberband Man – yeah, he just snaps back 
  
 [Hook] 
 Come along, follow me 
 As I lead through the darkness 
 As I provide just enough spark that we need 
 To proceed, carry on, give me hope 
 Give me strength, come with me 
 And I won't steer you wrong 
 Put your faith and your trust 
 As I guide us through the fog 
 To the light at the end of the tunnel 
 We gon' fight, we gon' charge, we gon' stomp 
 We gon' march through the swamp 
 We gon' mosh through the marsh 
 Take us right through the doors, come on! 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 All the people up top, on the side and the middle 
 Come together, let's all form and swarm just a little 
 Just let it gradually build from the front to the back 
 All you can see is a sea of people, some white and some black 
 Don't matter what color, all that matters we're gathered together 
 To celebrate for the same cause, no matter the weather 
 If it rains, let it rain – yeah, the wetter the better 
 They ain't gon' stop us, they can't 
 We're stronger now more than ever 
 They tell us "No!" we say "Yeah!" They tell us "Stop!" we say "Go!" 
 Rebel with a rebel yell, raise hell, we gon' let 'em know 
 Stomp, push shove, mush; fuck Bush! 
 Until they bring our troops home, come on, just— 
  
 [Hook] 
 Come along, follow me 
 As I lead through the darkness 
 As I provide just enough spark that we need 
 To proceed, carry on, give me hope 
 Give me strength, come with me 
 And I won't steer you wrong 
 Put your faith and your trust 
 As I guide us through the fog 
 To the light at the end of the tunnel 
 We gon' fight, we gon' charge, we gon' stomp 
 We gon' march through the swamp 
 We gon' mosh through the marsh 
 Take us right through the doors, come on! 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Imagine it pourin', just rainin' down on us 
 Mosh pits outside the Oval Office 
 Someone's tryin' to tell us somethin', maybe this is God just 
 Sayin' we're responsible for this monster, this coward 
 That we have empowered, this is Bin Laden 
 Look at his head noddin', how could we allow 
 Somethin' like this without pumpin' our fists? Now 
 This is our final hour 
 Let me be the voice and your strength and your choice 
 Let me simplify the rhyme just to amplify the noise 
 Try to amplify it, times-it, and multiply it by six 
 -teen million people, all equal at this high pitch 
 Maybe we can reach Al-Qaeda through my speech 
 Let the President answer a higher anarchy 
 Strap him with an AK-47, let him go 
 Fight his own war, let him impress Daddy that way 
 No more blood for oil, we got our own battles 
 To fight on our own soil, no more psychological warfare 
 To trick us to thinkin' that we ain't loyal 
 If we don't serve our own country 
 We're patronizin' a hero; look in his eyes, it's all lies 
 The stars and stripes have been swiped, washed out and wiped 
 And replaced with his own face, mosh now or die 
 If I get sniped tonight, you'll know why—‘cause I told you to fight! 
  
 [Hook] 
 Come along, follow me 
 As I lead through the darkness 
 As I provide just enough spark that we need 
 To proceed, carry on, give me hope 
 Give me strength, come with me 
 And I won't steer you wrong 
 Put your faith and your trust 
 As I guide us through the fog 
 To the light at the end of the tunnel 
 We gon' fight, we gon' charge, we gon' stomp 
 We gon' march through the swamp 
 We gon' mosh through the marsh 
 Take us right through the doors, come on! 
  
 [Outro] 
 And as we proceed 
 To mosh through this desert storm 
 And these closing statements 
 If they should argue, let us beg to differ 
 As we set aside our differences 
 And assemble our own army 
 To disarm this weapon of mass destruction 
 That we call our President, for the present 
 And mosh for the future of our next generation 
 To speak and be heard 
 Mr. President! Mr. Senator! 
  
 [Hailie Jade] 
 Can you guys hear us?[Intro] 
 Uh, uh, ha 
 Nah, fuck an intro, man, let's just go 
  
 [Verse] 
 I come around like what goes around, what goes up must come down 
 Anyone who comes up must go down, might as well go for the gusto now 
 Better not let up, better not let them breathe, last shot, give it all you got 
 Try to turn me down, bitch, get fucked with a volume knob, fuck all you snobs 
 Hoes, I hope all you rot 
 Two bottles of Lubriderm and a box of condoms 
 Is that all you brought? And you want a ménage à trois, you twats? 
 Fuck that, I'd rather turn this club to a bar-room brawl 
 Get rowdy as Roethlisberger in a bathroom stall, like a leech stuck in a vacuum y'all 
 Ain't nothing but a whole lot of sucking going on in rap, yeah, but I'm home 
 Bad to the bone, back in the zone, let him alone, you don't want to go eggin' him on 
 It'll never be my chair that you own 
 Crown so tight that it cuts off circulation to the brain, no oxygen, other words, there's no heir to the throne 
 When I die so does hip-hop, Hitchcock of the shit, bitch ask Doc 
 Got it ziplocked in a bag, you fags ain't been able to fade me 
 Since Kid Rock had a high top, keep bloggin' while I mind-boggle 
 And I zone like I'm in the twilight, dog, get off my bone 
 This is my mic, doggonit; I like hoggin' it 
 Flow's so wet I'mma take this beat tobogganin', I'm waterloggin' it 
 I'm soggin' it, pull your verse out the beat and stomp on it 
 Suplexing it on cement 
 Like I'm on some "Straight Outta Compton" shit 
 Take this dick and chomp on it, I'm so bad I can bitch-slap a back-handed compliment 
 Jackass, eat a donkey dick, the game I just about conquered it 
 Like Donkey Kong, I'm bonkers, bitch, I'm the king of this honkey shit 
 I reign supreme in this honkey shit, no sense screaming and arguing 
 Makes no difference whether a Benz or Bentley or a Beamer's the car you in 
 You think you ball? Well, I palm it, I throw up bombs when I vomit 
 Boy, I throw down in the kitchen, might hit your mom with my omelette 
 But you got egg on your face, now watch me drop an atomic 
 I should be strapped to the chest of a kamikaze, bitch, I'm as batshit as Ozzy 
 It's obvious, you can tell right off the bat 
 No pun intended, but come any closer, I'll bite off your head 
 Tryna give me the finger's kinda like giving a spider the web 
 I'm just gonna spin it and try to use it to my advantage 
 I'll catch a fly in that bitch, you think you fly, you just food 
 I give as much of a flying fuck as that Superman dude 
 Guess I just do what you can't do and make you look stupid and bamboozled 
 Confused as usual and you can get whipped, she can open a can too 
 But you better hope you can handle the heat or stay the fuck outta Hell's Kitchen 
 I came to cock block like a square fucking male chicken 
 Yeah, it's Shady, slut, the rest can suck on a big one 
 'Cause I'm as despicable as Daffy Duck when I'm spittin'[Produced by Bass Brothers] 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Who came through with two Glocks to terrorize your borough? (Huh?) 
 Told you how to slap dips and murder your girl? (I did) 
 Gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl 
 Sold a billion tapes, and still screamed "Fuck the world" 
 (I'm Slim Shady) So come and kill me while my name's hot 
 And shoot me 25 times in the same spot (Ow) 
 I think I got a generation brainwashed 
 To pop pills and smoke pot 'til they brains rot 
 Stop they blood flow 'til they veins clot 
 I need a pain shot and a shot of plain Scotch 
 Purple haze and acid raindrops 
 Spike the punch at the party and drink pop 
 Shaved my armpits and wore a tank top 
 Bad Boy, I told you that I can't stop 
 You gotta make 'em fear you 'fore you make 'em feel you 
 So everybody buy my shit or I'ma come and kill you 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets 
 I'm your brother when you need some good weed to set you free 
 You know me, I'm your friend when you need a Mini Thin 
 (I'm Slim Shady, Shady, Shady, Shady) I'm Shady 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I like happy things, I'm really calm and peaceful (Uh-huh) 
 I like birds, bees, I like people 
 I like funny things that make me happy and gleeful 
 Like when my teacher sucked my wee-wee in preschool 
 The ill type, I stab myself with a steel spike 
 While I blow my brain out just to see what it feels like 
 'Cause this is how I am in real life (Mhm) 
 I don't want to just die a normal death 
 I wanna be killed twice (Uh-huh) 
 I just wanna scare somebody with a gun threat 
 When they high off of drugs they haven't even done yet 
 So bring the money by tonight 
 'Cause your wife said this the biggest knife 
 She ever saw in her life (Help me, help me) 
 I try to keep it positive and play it cool 
 Shoot up the playground and tell the kids to stay in school 
 (Stay in school) 
 Cause I'm the one they can relate to and look up to better 
 Tonight I think I'll write my biggest fan a fuck-you letter 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets 
 I'm your brother when you need some good weed to set you free 
 You know me, I'm your friend when you need a Mini Thin 
 (I'm Slim Shady, Shady, Shady, Shady) I'm Shady 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Yo, I'll listen to your demo tape and act like I don't like it 
 (Ahh, that shit is wack) 
 Six months later, you'll hear your lyrics on my shit 
 (That's my shit) 
 People don't buy shit no more, they just dub it 
 That's why I'm still broke and had the number-one club hit 
 (Yup, uh-huh) 
 But they love it when you make your business public 
 So fuck it, I've got herpes while we on the subject (Uh-huh) 
 And if I told you I had AIDS, y'all would play it 
 'Cause you stupid mothafuckas think I'm playin' when I say it 
 Well, I do take pills, don't do speed 
 Don't do crack, don't do coke, I do smoke weed (Uh-huh) 
 Don't do smack, I do do shrooms, do drink beer (Yup) 
 I just wanna make a few things clear 
 My baby mama's not dead, she's still alive and bitching 
 And I don't have herpes, my dick's just itchin' 
 It's not syphilis, and as for being AIDS-infested 
 I don't know yet, I'm too scared to get tested 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets 
 I'm your brother when you need some good weed to set you free 
 You know me, I'm your friend when you need a Mini Thin 
 (I'm Slim Shady, Shady, Shady, Shady) I'm Shady 
  
 [Outro] 
 I told you I was Shady (Yup) 
 Y'all didn't wanna believe me (Mm-mm, mm-mm) 
 I'm Shady 
 And that's my name[Intro: Eminem] 
 (Kill, kill, kill) 
 Dahh-dum, dahh-dum... dum 
 Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, duh-da-da-da-da 
 (Kill, kill, kill) 
 Dahh-dum, dahh-dum... dum 
 Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, dumm... 
 (Kill, kill, kill) 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 He's mentally ill from Amityville 
 He'll accidentally kill your family still 
 Thinking he won't, goddammit he will 
 He's mentally ill from Amityville 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I get lifted and spin til I'm half-twisted 
 Feet planted and stand with a grin full of chapped lipstick 
 Pen full of ink, think sinful and rap sick shit 
 Shrink, pencil me in for my last visit 
 Drink gin til my chin's full of splashed whiskers 
 Hash, whiskey, and ash til I slap bitches 
 Ask Bizzy, he's been here the past six years 
 Mash with me again and imagine this 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 He's mentally ill from Amityville 
 He'll accidentally kill your family still 
 Thinking he won't, goddammit he will 
 He's mentally ill from Amityville 
 He's mentally ill from Amityville 
 He'll accidentally kill your family still 
 Thinking he won't, goddammit he will 
 He's mentally ill from Amityville 
  
 [Verse 2: Bizarre] 
 I fucked my cousin in his asshole, slit my mother's throat 
 Guess who Slim Shady just signed to Interscope 
 My little sister's birthday, she'll remember me 
 For a gift I had ten of my boys take her virginity 
 And bitches know me as a horny-ass freak 
 Their mother wasn't raped, I ate her pussy while she was sleep 
 Pissy-drunk, throwing up in the urinal 
 (You fuckin' homo!) That's what I said at my dad's funeral 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 He's mentally ill from Amityville 
 He'll accidentally kill your family still 
 Thinking he won't, goddammit he will 
 He's mentally ill from Amityville 
 He's mentally ill from Amityville 
 He'll accidentally kill your family still 
 Thinking he won't, goddammit he will 
 He's mentally ill from Amityville 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 That's why the city is filled with a bunch of fucking idiots still 
 That's why the first mothafucker popping some shit, he gets killed 
 That's why we don't call it Detroit, we call it Amityville (Ville) 
 You can get capped after just having a cavity filled (hahahaha!) 
 That's why we're crowned the murder capital still 
 This ain't Detroit, this is motherfuckin' Hamburger Hill 
 We don't do drive-bys, we park in front of houses and shoot 
 And when the police come we fuckin' shoot it out with 'em too 
 That's the mentality here, that's the reality here 
 Did I just hear somebody say they want to challenge me here? 
 While I'm holding a pistol with this many calibers here? 
 Plus a registration that just made this shit valid this year? 
 'Cause once I snap, I can't be held accountable for my actions 
 That's when accidents happen, when a thousand bullets come at your house 
 And collapse the foundation around you and they found you 
 And your family in it Goddammit he meant it when he told you 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 He's mentally ill from Amityville 
 He'll accidentally kill your family still 
 Thinking he won't, goddammit he will 
 He's mentally ill from Amityville 
 He's mentally ill from Amityville 
 He'll accidentally kill your family still 
 Thinking he won't, goddammit he will 
 He's mentally ill from Amityville 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 Dum, tahh-dum; ta-dah-da 
 Dum, tahh-dum; ta-dah-da 
 Dum, tahh-dum; ta-dah-da 
 Dum, tahh-dum; ta-dah-da 
 Dum, tahh-dum; ta-dah-da 
 Dum, tahh-dum; ta-dah-da 
 Dum, tahh-dum; ta-dah-da 
 Dum, tahh-dum; ta-dah-da 
 Dum[Intro] 
 And everyone should get along 
 Okay, children, quiet down, quiet down 
 Children, I'd like to introduce our new substitute teacher for the day: his name is Mr. Shady 
 Children, quiet down please 
 Brian, don't throw that! (Shut up!) 
 Mr. Shady will be your new substitute 
 While Mr. Kaniff is out with pneumonia (He got AIDS!) 
 Good luck, Mr. Shady! 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Hi there, little boys and girls! (Fuck you!) 
 Today we're gonna learn how to poison squirrels 
 But first, I'd like you to meet my friend Bob (Huh?) 
 Say hi, Bob ("Hi, Bob!") 
 Bob's 30 and still lives with his mom 
 And he don't got a job 'cause Bob sits at home and smokes pot 
 But his twelve-year-old brother looks up to him an awful lot 
 And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot 
 And wait in the parking lot for waitresses off the clock 
 When it's late and the lot gets dark 
 And fake like he walks his dog 
 Drag 'em in the woods and go straight to the chopping blocks (Ahh!) 
 And even if they escaped and they got the cops 
 The ladies would all be so afraid, they would drop the charge 
 'Til one night Mrs. Stacey went off the job 
 When she felt someone grab her whole face and said not to talk 
 But Stacey knew it was Bob and said, "Knock it off!" 
 But Bob wouldn't knock it off, 'cause he's crazy and off his rocker 
 Crazier than Slim Shady is off the vodka 
 You couldn't even take him to Dre's to get Bob a doctor 
 He grabbed Stace' by the legs as he chopped it off her 
 And dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her 
 But ever since the day Stacey went off to wander 
 They never found her, and Bob still hangs at the waffle diner 
 And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana 
 And what it might do to you 
 So see if the squirrels want any—it's bad for you 
  
 [Chorus] 
 See, children, drugs are bad (Come on) 
 And if you don't believe me, ask your dad (Ask him, man) 
 And if you don't believe him, ask your mom (That's right) 
 She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (She will) 
 So kids, say no to drugs (That's right) 
 So you don't act like everyone else does (Uh-huh) 
 Then there's really nothin' else to say (Sing along) 
 Drugs are just bad, mmkay? 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 My penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it? 
 Fuck no, you ain't seen it, it's the size of a peanut (Huh?) 
 Speakin' of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels? 
 Ecstasy, it's the worst drug in the world 
 If someone ever offers it to you, don't do it 
 Kids, two hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid 
 And spinal fluid is final, you won't get it back 
 So don't get attached, it'll attack every bone in your back 
 Meet Zach, twenty-one years old 
 After hangin' out with some friends at a frat party, he gets bold 
 And decides to try five, when he's bribed by five guys 
 And the peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it 
 Suddenly, he starts to convulse 
 And his pulse goes into hyperdrive 
 And his eyes roll back in his skull (blblblblblb) 
 His back starts to look like the McDonald's Arches 
 He's on Donald's carpet, layin' horizontal barfin' (Bleh) 
 And everyone in the apartment starts laughin' at him 
 "Hey Adam, Zach is a jackass, look at him!" 
 'Cause they took it too, so they think it's funny 
 So they're laughing at basically nothing 
 Except maybe wasting their money 
 Meanwhile, Zach's in a coma, the action is over 
 And his back and his shoulders 
 Hunched up like he's practicin' yoga 
 And that's the story of Zach, the ecstasy maniac 
 So don't even feed that to squirrels, class, 'cause it's bad for you 
  
 [Chorus] 
 See, children, drugs are bad (That's right) 
 And if you don't believe me, ask your dad (That's right) 
 And if you don't believe him, ask your mom (You can) 
 She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (She will) 
 So kids say no to drugs (Smoke crack) 
 So you don't act like everyone else does (That's right) 
 And there's really nothin' else to say (But umm…) 
 Drugs are just bad, mmkay? 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 And last but not least, one of the most humongous 
 Problems among young people today is fungus 
 It grows from cow manure 
 They pick it out, wipe it off, bag it up 
 And you put it right in your mouth and chew it 
 Yum yum! Then you start to see some dumb stuff 
 And everything slows down when you eat some of 'em 
 And sometimes you see things that aren't there (Like what?) 
 Like fat women in G-strings with orange hair 
 (Mr. Shady, what's a G-string?) It's yarn, Claire 
 Women stick 'em up their behinds, go out and wear 'em (Huh?) 
 And if you swallow too much of the magic mushrooms 
 Whoops, did I say magic mushrooms? I meant fungus 
 Your tongue gets all swoll up like a cow's tongue 
 (How come?) 'Cause it comes from a cow's dump (Gross!) 
 See, drugs are bad, it's a common fact 
 But your mom and dad know that's all that I'm good at (Oh!) 
 But don't be me, 'cause if you grow up and you go and OD 
 They're gonna come for me and I'ma have to grow a goatee 
 And get a disguise and hide, 'cause it'll be my fault 
 So don't do drugs, and do exactly as I don't, 'cause I'm bad for you 
  
 [Chorus] 
 See, children, drugs are bad (Uh-huh) 
 And if you don't believe me, ask your dad (Put that down!) 
 And if you don't believe him, ask your mom (You can ask) 
 She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (And she will) 
 So kids, say no to drugs (Say no) 
 So you don't act like everyone else does (Like I do) 
 And there's really nothin' else to say (That's right) 
 Drugs are just bad, mmkay? 
  
 [Outro] 
 Come on, children, clap along! (Shut up!) 
 Sing along, children! (Suck my motherfuckin' dick!) 
 Come on, clap along 
 Drugs are just bad, drugs are just bad (South Park is gonna sue me!) 
 So don't do drugs! (Kiss my motherfuckin' ass!) 
 So there'll be more for me (Hippie! Goddamn it!) 
 (Mushrooms killed Kenny!) 
 [?] (*fart*) (Ew, ahh!) 
 La la la (So fucked up right now)[Intro: Eminem] 
 It is not about lyrics anymore 
 It’s about a hot beat and a catchy hook 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 If we gotta dumb down our style and A-B-C it 
 Then so be it, ‘cause nowadays these kids, geez 
 Don’t give a shit 'bout lyrics 
 All they wanna hear is a beat and that's it 
 Long as they can go to the club and get blitzed 
 Pick up some chicks and get some digits 
 And the DJ's playin' them hits 
 "Oh, this my jam! This my shit! 
 We don't know a word to a verse, all we know is the chorus 
 ‘Cause the chorus repeats the same four words for us 
 And the song's ginormous, the whole formula’s switched 
 ‘Cause we don’t know anymore what are hits" 
 Is it the beat? Is it the rap? 
 Is it a finger snap or the same 808 clap? 
 And how do we adapt and get TRL votes 
 When 13-year-olds control the remotes? 
 And Ashlee's got a brand new nose 
 We gotta put some new em-pha-sis on our syl-la-la-bles 
  
 [Verse 2: Jay-Z] 
 If the emphasis on the compact disc 
 Is in the beat, then I’m gon' feature Em and get rich 
 And let Dre mix the shit and drive off in the Range Ro' 
 ‘Cause everywhere I go they love the "bling bling" flow 
 Bang bang, look at the way my chain glow 
 The ring on my fing’ cost your man a lot of dough 
 Oh, the fuck am I bustin' my brain fo'? 
 It's just the way the game go, oh, it takes two to tango 
 You call this a lame flow? You bought the shit 
 I guess you to blame, too, I just found an angle 
 No more reality flow 
 I’m tryna time my album droppin' with a reality show 
 Cock the MAC-11 in front of Hot 97 
 And call my publicist, tell her we in press heaven 
 No one gives a shit except some kids 
 That just got into sex on the Internet 
 So you want the chat room or the house in Malibu, Em? 
 Your emphasis is on the wrong syl-la-la-ble 
  
 [Verse 3: Dr. Dre & Eminem] 
 They said 30's the new 20 
 Funny, must mean 40's the new 30, interesting 
 'Cause ever since then it's been in a sense an extension 
 For veteran rappers that are better than half 
 Of the shit coming out right now, it's all trash 
 The torch is gonna burn out before it gets passed 
 Jay said it’s his last, then 50 and Em 
 Then what? Detox drops, what do we got then? 
 So now our whole camps is running around 
 Scramblin' over what to do 
 Gamblin', and every time we put a record out 
 Just lookin' for that hook (Wait, Dre, look!) 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 Shorty, I love you 
 And you love me too 
 We were meant to be 
 ‘Cause, shorty, you love me 
 And I love you too 
 And I promise I’ll be true to you 
  
 [Verse 4: 50 Cent] 
 Go shorty, it's your birthday 
 You made it just in time to hear my wordplay 
 It's the kid that flip-flows who used to flip O's 
 And run G for days, you should see how I get hoes 
 I'm international, I get my dick licked 'round the globe 
 I'm sick right into shows, ridin' on lolos 
 Puffin' on coco, my bitch in Manolos 
 Don’t fuck with the dodo’s, that's slang for dumb hoes 
 I'm playin', I ain't got time to joke, joke 
 You fuck around, you could get your ass smoked, Loc 
 It's not a game, me, B, I ain't playin' 
 Beat behind me playin', so you don't hear anyway 
 You don’t hear what I’m sayin' 
 Me fin-nini-na, fee-fi-dididee-yay 
 Just give me my check and I’ll be on my way 
 Sunny, bunny, money and funny 
 You ain't even listenin' and I just took your money, ha 
  
 [Verse 5: Stat Quo] 
 There once was a time everywhere you turned 
 Shady/Aftermath was all you heard 
 But they say 50 sang too much, and Em got soft 
 And they say Dre just fell the fuck off 
 Well, fuck the fuck-offs, all y'all eat salt 
 Be mad, we back, fresh up outta the vault 
 Oh! New syl-la-la-bles, eat ball, you fuck-offs 
 Your house, your bitch, I'm getting sucked off 
 East, South, Midwest, even up North 
 Fallin' victim to wax, spittin', bring out the white chalk 
 All for the gingerbread, we get it and get lost 
 Catch me if you can, I’m runnin' past while y'all walk 
  
 [Verse 6: Cashis] 
 Shady made me for bringin' it back 
 'Fore the history of rap is gone with a snap 
 A snare and a clap, what happened to just spittin' 
 About livin' in the mothafuckin' city you at? 
 In the grimiest condition, I breathe in drama 
 King Mathers and Cash, me, that's free karma 
 I'm everything, anything you can never be 
 It's a hidden rhyme of the month deep in the beef 
 I speak with a piece, no peace on my mind 
 I repeat every evil deed done of mine 
 No rest contest, contract to sign 
 By blood, I'm in this squad for life 
 Hear about out my windpipes and I just chime 
 I'm the reason you guys won't say that line 
 I’m crazy, renegade like Em and Jay-Z 
 I’m Rosemary’s baby, I want you to hate me 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 Shorty, I love you 
 And you love me too 
 We were meant to be 
 ‘Cause, shorty, you love me 
 And I love you too 
 And I promise I’ll be true to you 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 It is not about lyrics anymore 
 It is not about lyrics anymore 
 It's about a hot beat, a hot beat 
 It's about a hot beat, a hot beat 
 A hot-hot-hot beat and a catchy hook 
 A hot-hot-hot beat and a catchy hook 
 Nobody gives a damn about them syllables 
 Syl-la-la-bles, whatever they are 
 I don't care if you gotta rhyme schmo, mo, Joe, toe and glow 
 Now, get out there and sell some goddamn records! 
 Now, get out there and sell some goddamn records! 
 Now, get out there and sell some goddamn records! 
 Now, get out there and sell some goddamn records! 
 Now, get out there and sell some goddamn records! 
 Now, get out there and sell some goddamn records! 
 Now, get out there and sell some goddamn records! 
 Now, get out there and sell some[Intro] 
 Oh my goodness, what have I done? 
 Oh no, I can't believe it 
 It's like I've got the whole world in my palm 
 And I'm ready to drop bombs 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Welcome to the Slim Shady Mecca, Rebecca 
 It's the village in New York, right next to the Tribeca 
 That's my sector, homosexual dissector 
 Come again, rewind selector 
 I said, nice rectum, I had a vasectomy Hector 
 So you can't get pregnant if I bisexually wreck ya 
 Hannibal Lecter in the guy section, I bet ya 
 I tantalize ya and in less than five seconds I get ya 
 They say once bitten then twice shy, well lie next to the guy 
 With nine ecstasy pills and five extra 
 Boxes of ribbed condoms in quantities, why yes sir 
 I took the rest of the Lunesta pills from my dresser 
 That's my kind of vibe, what else should I try, Lester? 
 Drop-kick the bitch before her second trimester 
 Perform the home abortion with Dexter, then I guess I'll 
 Dig her fetus out with a wire hanger, then digest her 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I guess it's time for you to hate me again 
 Let's begin, now hand me the pen 
 How should I begin it and where does it all end? 
 The world is just my medicine ball, you're all in 
 I said, I guess it's time for you to hate me again 
 Let's begin, now hand me the pen 
 How should I begin it and where does it all end? 
 My medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball, friends 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 All my Westside bitches throw it up 
 Put a balloon inside your pussy, queef, and blow it up 
 Man, I think that he just fell off the deep end, sure enough 
 So you better change the station to keep from throwing up 
 Man, you seen it all before, you're all too familiar with it 
 There's a penis on the floor and two balls, so you know who did it 
 You know you with it, girl, don't front, oh no you didn't 
 I won't rape all the Pussycat Dolls? Nicole, you kiddin'? 
 I'll pee on Rihanna, see man, I do what I wanna 
 Spray perfume in the sauna room, crazy-gluin' Madonna 
 To the La-Z-Boy sofa, fold her in two, then sit on her 
 Imagine the visual for that, man, who would've thought I 
 Could ever be such a relentless prick, unleashing his vengeance 
 But the chick's so old, she looks like she outlived a life sentence 
 I never meant this rhyme to be so offensive 
 If you weren't so defensive, it wouldn't be, you're so sensitive 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I guess it's time for you to hate me again 
 Let's begin, now hand me the pen 
 How should I begin it and where does it all end? 
 The world is just my medicine ball, you're all in 
 I said, I guess it's time for you to hate me again 
 Let's begin, now hand me the pen 
 How should I begin it and where does it all end? 
 My medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball, friends 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Put Christopher Reeves on a unicycle with a kickstand 
 Kick it up and push him and lead him right into quicksand 
 Here, you need a hand, big man? Grab hold of this branch 
 With both hands, man, they don't understand, I'm just a sick man 
 Now everybody's pissed at me 
 Like it's my fault his name rhymes with so many different words, jeez 
 So one last time, Mr. Christopher Reeves 
 Won't you break it down for me and just spit the verse, please? 
 "Eminem, I'm coming to kill you (inhale) 
 Always hated you, and I still do 
 You'll never fill my shoes, my Superman costume (inhale) 
 Doesn't even fit you, they don't feel you 
 You're taking this shit too far (inhale) 
 Who do you think you are? Hang my suit up in the armoire 
 Every day I hate you more and more, throw down the cardboard 
 Let's breakdance if you think you're hardcore" 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I guess it's time for you to hate me again 
 Let's begin, now hand me the pen 
 How should I begin it and where does it all end? 
 The world is just my medicine ball, you're all in 
 I said, I guess it's time for you to hate me again 
 Let's begin, now hand me the pen 
 How should I begin it and where does it all end? 
 My medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball, friends 
  
 [Outro] 
 The world is mine[Intro: Eminem & Obie Trice] 
 Obie, yo 
 I'm sick 
 Damn, you straight, dog? 
  
 [Hook: Eminem (&  Obie Trice)] 
 That's why I ain't got no time (I think I got chlamydia) 
 For these games and stupid tricks 
 Or these bitches on my dick 
 That's how dudes be gettin' sick 
 That's how dicks be gettin' drips 
 Fallin' victims to this shit 
 From these bitches on our dicks 
 Fuckin' chickens with no ribs 
 That's why I ain't got no time 
  
 [Verse 1: Obie] 
 Yo, I woke up, fucked up off the liquor I drunk 
 I had a bag of the skunk, won in last night's tunk 
 Pussy residue was on my penis, Denise from the cleaner's 
 Fucked me good, you shoulda seen this 
 Big booty bitch, switch unbearable 
 French roll stylin', body like a stallion 
 Sizin' up the figure, while my shit gettin' bigger 
 Debatin' on a fuck or do I wanna be her nigga? 
 Caressin' this bitch, plus I'm checkin' out them tits 
 Sippin' on that fine shit I ain't used to buyin' 
 I gotta hit it from behind, it's mandatory 
 Like takin' hoes' money, but that's another story 
 For surely the pussy on toast, after we toast 
 Her clothes fell like Bishop in Juice 
 The womb beater, clean pussy eater, insertin' my jock 
 In that spot hotter than the hottest block 
 "Don't stop!"—the response I got when I was knockin' it 
 Clock's steady tickin', kinky finger lickin' 
 And can on, semen's at my tip when she moans 
 I gotta slow down before I cum soon 
 And work that nigga like a slave owner 
 When I dropped off my outfit she knew I wanted to bone her 
 She foamin' at them lips, the ones between the hips 
 Pubic hair's lookin' like some sour cream dip 
 Without the nacho, my dick hit the spot though 
 Pussy tighter than conditions of us black folks 
 We in the final stretch, the last part of sex 
 I bust a fat-ass nut, then I woke up next 
 Like, what the fuck is goin' on here? This bitch evaporated 
 Pussy and all just picked up and vacated 
 And now I'm frustrated, ‘cause my dick was unprotected 
 And doctor Wesley tellin' me I really got that shit (Fuck!) 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 That's why I ain't got no time 
 For these games and stupid tricks 
 Or these bitches on my dick 
 That's how dudes be gettin' sick 
 That's how dicks be gettin' drips 
 Fallin' victims to this shit 
 From these bitches on our dicks 
 Fuckin' chickens with no ribs 
 That's why I ain't got no time 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Now I don't wanna hit no woman, but this chick's got it comin' 
 Someone better get this bitch 'fore she gets kicked in the stomach 
 And she's pregnant, but she's eggin' me on, beggin' me 
 To throw her off the steps of this porch, my only weapon is force 
 And I don't wanna resort to violence of any sort 
 But what's she shovin' me for? Doesn't she love me no more? 
 Wasn't she huggin' me four minutes ago at the door? 
 Man, I'm this close to goin' toe-to-toe with this whore 
 What would you do if she was tellin' you she wants a divorce? 
 She's havin' another baby in a month and it's yours 
 And you found it isn't, ‘cause this bitch has been visitin' 
 Someone else and suckin' his dick and 
 Kissin' you on the lips when you get back to Michigan 
 Now the plot is thickenin' worse 
 ‘Cause you feel like you've been stickin' your fuckin' dick in a hearse 
 So you're paranoid at every little cold that you get 
 Ever since they told you this shit, you've been holdin' your dick 
 So you go to the clinic, sweatin' every minute you in it 
 Then the doctor comes out, lookin' like Dennis the Menace 
 And it's obvious to everyone in the lobby it's AIDS 
 He ain't even gotta call you in his office to say it 
 So you jet back home, ‘cause you gon' get that ho 
 When you see her, you gon' bend her fuckin' neck back, yo 
 ‘Cause you love her, you never would expect that blow 
 Obie told you the scoop, how could she stoop that low? 
 Jesus, I don't believe this bitch works at the cleaner's 
 Bringin' me home diseases, swingin' from Obie's penis 
 She's so deceivin', shit, this ho's a genius, she G'd us 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 That's why I ain't got no time 
 For these games and stupid tricks 
 Or these bitches on my dick 
 That's how dudes be gettin' sick 
 That's how dicks be gettin' drips 
 Fallin' victims to this shit 
 From these bitches on our dicks 
 Fuckin' chickens with no ribs 
 That's why I ain't got no time 
  
 [Outro: Eminem & Obie Trice] 
 I'm busy, yeah, fuck these bitches! 
 Fuck 'em all! 
 Get money, Shady Records 
 Ha, whoa! 
 Obie Trice! Eminem, motherfucker! 
 New millennium shit, yeah 
 Turn this shit off man, turn this shit the fuck—[Intro] 
 Yo, check it out 
 What's fucked up... is I don't see either one of us budging 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 "I'm withholding my anger 
 Though I'd like to be the strangler 
 Of this punk ass little pussy's puny neck 
 It's my right to insist 
 That he acknowledge my existence 
 But he just displays complete lack of respect" 
 That's what he says to himself 
 As he use his magazines to trash me 
 As he sits with both his feet up at his desk 
 Smokes a bag of his weed 
 And starts imagining things 
 And he just can't see that he's manically depressed 
 And in his jealousy and envy 
 It just whirls him in a frenzy 
 As he turns on MTV and sees my face 
 He don't exist in this world 
 So he just twists and he twirls 
 Spirals and spins 'til he hurls himself into rage 
 And it's destroying him slowly 
 'Cause he does not even know me 
 Even though he sees me everywhere he goes 
 So he just tortures himself, he has no fortune and wealth 
 So he extorts someone else to get his dough 
 And now he's acting like a bully so he tries to push and pull me 
 But he knows that he can't fool me so he's mad 
 And he has no choice but to scream and raise his voice up at me 
 'Cause it annoys him to see that I ain't scared 
  
 [Hook] 
 You ain't no motherfucking (bully) 
 And I ain't bowing to no motherfucking (bully) 
 I won't allow it, ain't gon' cower to no (bully) 
 I'll be damned if I don't stand up to a (bully) 
 Fight like a man and throw my hands up to a (bully...) 
 And I know it must be fucking with you emotionall(y...) 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Now I'm not trying to make no more enemies, no more unfortunately 
 There's so many other motherfuckers that just are 
 They just keep hounding at me 
 Now that I'm down with 50 
 Suddenly now I got beef with this faggot Ja 
 But his ass is such a puppet, Irv could shove his whole hand up it 
 And just make him say what he wants him to say 
 But Suge has Irv's on a string and Irv's so nervous that he 
 Says anything to this man to keep him at bay 
 So now Ja thinks that he's so tough and Murder Inc.'s the big bad wolf 
 And they go huff and puff and blow our label down 
 But our building's made out of bricks so you ain't taking out shit 
 And dawg you just did a song with Bobby Brown 
 So now you try to pull the race card and it backfires in your face hard 
 'Cause you know we don't play that black and white shit 
 Plus this stylist that you fucked when you was ecstasied up 
 Was just a man who's dressed up as a white bitch 
  
 [Hook] 
 You ain't no motherfucking (bully) 
 And I ain't bowing to no motherfucking (bully) 
 I won't allow it, ain't gon' cower to no (bully) 
 I'll be damned if I don't stand up to a (bully) 
 Fight like a man and throw my hands up to a (bully...) 
 You must be taking too much (E...) 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Now what bothers me the most about hip-hop is we so close 
 To picking up where we left off with Big and Pac 
 We just lost Jam Master J, Big L got blasted away 
 Plus we lost Bugz, Slang Ton, and Freaky Tah 
 It's like a never-ending cycle that just seems to come full circle 
 Everybody's gotta be so fucking hard 
 And I'm not excluding myself 'cause I been stupid as well 
 I been known to lose it when someone says something smart 
 But as we grow as men, we learn to let shit go, but then again 
 There's only so much bullshit we can really stand 
 We all got reps to uphold when someone steps on our toes 
 It's no exception, it goes for every man 
 But if I really gave a fuck about Ja like he claims he does 
 He'd wake him up and make his boy get off them drugs 
 But he just keeps feeding him pills so if that E doesn't kill him 
 Someone from G-Unit will and I ain't buzzed 
 Dawg, I'm talking to you straight if the situation escalates 
 Any worse, we're gon' lose another soldier to this game 
 And if I get killed for this rap I got a million in cash 
 That says I will get you back in Hailie's name 
  
 [Hook] 
 You ain't no motherfucking (bully) 
 And I ain't bowing to no motherfucking (bully) 
 I won't allow it, ain't gon' cower to no (bully) 
 I'll be damned if I don't stand up to a (bully) 
 Fight like a man and throw my hands up to a (bully...) 
 Irvine, get your boy off that (E...) 
  
 [Outro] 
 Get at me, dog 
 Holla[Verse 1] 
 I feel phenomenal as usual 
 Pharmaceuticals, glue sniffin', pools of vomit at Bonnaroo 
 But I don't know if I'm in Tennessee, Chicago, or Houston 
 In the corner tryin' to seek solitude 
 Shallow but such a hollow dude 
 I won't even swallow solid food 
 Alcoholic too, plus I'm on lean like the Tower of Pisa 
 Top it off I'm on mushrooms, so fuck all of you! 
 Roses are violet, mollies are blue 
 Lost in a ball of confusion, it's all an illusion 
 It's probably the shrooms I'm on 
 ‘Cause I think I started hallucinating, ‘cause I just thought I heard Jay Electronica and Odd Future's new shit 
 And all I could do was follow the music 
 And end up with Paula Abdul at Lollapalooza 
 Fillin' water balloons with nail-polish remover 
 Just to pop 'em and wallow in fumes 
 I feel uptight, I gotta get looser 
 After I finish polishing off this bottle of booze I got a solution 
 Concentrated like orange juice, so I'm not as deluded 
 ‘Cause all this delusion got me seein' shit 
 Excusez-moi, but that hoochie that passed 
 You see her ass? Wouldn't make her my main squeeze 
 Butt juicier, ass, it belongs in a juicer 
 It's mouth-waterin' too 
 So I walked over to her, like, “I’m Marshall 
 Wanna try to meet my standards? I'll introduce ya" 
 Oh, I'm a misogynist too, but I'm not a masseuse 
 But my attitude is rubbin' off on the youth 
 Chronic abuser, and I don't mean a user of marijuana 
 I mean verbal assault that I use to smoke all of you losers 
 Got a bazooka, a shotgun, a Ruger, a Glock, and a nuke 
 And a Rottweiler too, and I'm not in the mood, so 
 When I say I'm bringing the TEC out 
 I'm not coming to repair your fuckin' electronic computers 
 God, I'm gonna puke, I'm so gone off the hookah 
 I think I swallowed a loofah 
 I'm tore up, demolished, I'm fuckin' stoned like Oliver 
 Like I looked Medusa in the eyeball to seduce her 
 The thoughts I produce are loony tunes 
 The box of reusable latex gloves and the socks and the shoes 
 That were placed next to Veronica's boobs 
 And the paycheck stubs that were stuffed in the glove box 
 In a blue Honda with used condoms were clues 
 The girl was just not the one suitable for him 
  
 [Hook] 
 Right for me, (that will) change me 
 Rearrange my head to be 
 Just right for you and me 
 Don’t laugh, please listen to me 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Thought I’d give in to the pressure 
 Collapse and crumble perhaps, relapsing under that 
 Well, that's a bunch of crap 
 In the clutch, I'm the Captain Crunch of rap 
 And I'm sick of acting humble, that's enough of that 
 Fuck that shit, cut the sack 
 Like it's a natural reaction 
 That's why I'm actually trapped in this shoving match 
 ‘Cause push keeps coming to that 
 I can keep getting my ass kicked and coming back 
 Like a sarcastic crumpled sack of shit, still mad 
 Disgruntled, had some struggles, yeah 
 But that passion and hunger's back 
 What a fantastic juggling act! 
 And the way I flip my tongue on the track 
 It's like verbal acrobatics, but in fact 
 Last time I tried to pull off a dramatic stunt as drastic 
 I fuckin' crashed my hovercraft 
 After I strapped a duffel bag to my back 
 And stuffed a massive punchin' bag in it 
 And an elastic bungee strap, rubber, plaster, a thumb tack 
 And a piece of plastic bubble wrap 
 Went spastic and fuckin' snapped 
 Jumped and splashed in a puddle of battery acid 
 Stumbled back, recovered, back flipped 
 And landed on a gymnastic tumble mat 
 And for my last trick, lunge on back 
 Latch on a NASA shuttle flap, fuckin' snap the rudder in half 
 Chuckled and laughed, utter my last rebuttal 
 And just as I'm to come crashin' 
 I grab my Go-Go-Gadget inflatable gigantic humongous mattress and ceramic construction hat 
 Rub my magic mushroom tat 
 For luck, then splat, get up from that 
 Face taped to a waste paper basket 
 Throw up, then gasp, lungs collapsed 
 And that's more likely than finding someone that's… 
  
 [Hook] 
 Right for me, (that will) change me 
 Rearrange my head to be 
 Just right for you and me 
 Don’t laugh, please listen to me 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Couple of shots of Jäger 
 Public intoxication, dis-fuckin'-combobulation 
 Flooded with thoughts of anger 
 While I was away I know probably some of you got to thinkin' 
 "You're top ten, ain't cha?" 
 Stop it, you fuckers are talkin' crazy 
 And stop interrupting, you're not even up in that conversation 
 Whether you're punchin' a clock or famous 
 Underground, pop, or nameless 
 Whatever your job is, I give a fuck what's your occupation 
 You're thinkin' just ‘cause you came in with scrubs 
 And you brought the scalpel and sponge 
 The oxygen tank and the suction and shot the brain surgeon 
 Stuck in the operating room 
 Once you done swapped your name with him 
 Smuggled in Ronald Reagan 
 If you dug him up; Donald Fagen 
 While juggling waffles, bacon 
 A fuckin' McDonalds egg and cheese sausage bagel finagled it 
 Flung it across the table 
 Then bump it and knock it shake it 
 Jumped and got in the way, then disrupted my concentration 
 I said fuck it and lost my patience 
 They all woke up from sedation 
 Ain't none of you Dr Dre, so then what is it got you thinkin' 
 You can fuck with this operation?! 
 Aftermath, still running hip-hop amazin' 
 I'm still pluggin' along 
 No need for an assumption, here's confirmation 
 I'm up for the long duration 
 I'm just looking for something to walk away with 
 Some pocket change and a little integrity 
 Though I'll probably be jumpin' across the stage 
 'Til I'm fuckin' Madonna's age and 
 Stuck in an awkward place in my life 
 But I shit you not like I'm plugged up with constipation 
 That day will come 
 Before I finally stumble upon some lady that’s… 
  
 [Hook] 
 Right for me, (that will) change me 
 Rearrange my head to be 
 Just right for you and me 
 Don’t laugh, please listen to me[Intro: Heart (Sampled)] 
 Tell myself that I was doing alright 
 There's nothing left to do tonight 
 But go crazy on you 
 Crazy on you 
 Let me go crazy, crazy on you 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Can't you see what you do to me, baby? 
 You make me crazy, you make me act like a maniac 
 I'm like a lunatic, you make me sick 
 You're truly the only one who can do this to me 
 You just make me get so crazy 
 I go schizo, I get so insane, I just go schizophrenic 
 One minute I wanna slit your throat, the next I wanna sex 
 You make me crazy, the way we act 
 Like two maniacs in the sack 
 We fuck like two jackrabbits 
 And maybe that's a bad habit 
 'Cause the next day we're right back at it 
 In the same exact pattern 
 What the fuck is the matter with us? 
 We can't figure out if it's lust or it's love 
 What's that that's attractin' us to each other? 
 They say that every man grows up to marry his own mother 
 Which would explain why you're such a motherfuckin' bitch 
 But I stay and still stick it out with you 
 Even though I just hit you today 
 But you deserve it, you hit me first and provoked me to choke you 
 Just 'cause I came home late last night 
 Crawled in bed and I woke you 
 But if there's one thing about you that I admire it's, baby 
 Because you stay with me, maybe 'cause you're as crazy as I am 
 'Cause when I look at you I can see an angel in your eyes 
 But if I look deeper inside I see your freakish little side 
 Like a devil in disguise, you're always full of surprises 
 Always pullin' devices out your purse: little vibrators and dildoes 
 You fucked yourself so much you barely feel those anymore 
 You're only twenty-four, but you're plenty more ma-ture 
 Than those other little hoes who just act like little girls 
 Like they're in middle school still 
 You're crazy, sexy, cool, chill 
 And you play your position, you never step outta line 
 Even though I stay in your business you've always kept outta mine 
 I wonder what's on your mind 
 Sometimes they say love is blind 
 Maybe that's why the first time 
 I dotted your eye you ain't see the sign 
 Or maybe you did, maybe you like being shoved 
 Maybe 'cause we're crazy in love 
  
 [Hook: Heart (Sampled)] 
 Go crazy on you 
 Crazy on you 
 Let me go crazy, crazy on you 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 You are the ink to my paper, what my pen is to my pad 
 The moral, the very fiber, the whole substance to my rap 
 You are my reason for being, the meaning of my existence 
 If it wasn't for you I would never be able to spit this 
 As intense as I do, and the irony is you rely on me 
 As much as I rely on you to inspire me like you do 
 You provide me the lighter fluid, the fuel to my fire 
 You're my entire supply: gas, the match, and igniter 
 The only way that I am able to stay so stable 
 Is you're the legs to my table 
 If you were to break I'd fall on my face 
 But I'm always gonna make you feel I don't need you as much 
 As I really need you so you don't use it to your advantage 
 But you're essential to me, you're the air I breathe I believe 
 If you ever leave me I'd probably have no reason to be 
 You are the Kim to my Marshall, you're the Slim to my Shady 
 The Dre to my Eminem, the Alaina to my Hailie 
 You are the word that I'm lookin' for 
 When I'm tryin' to describe how I feel inside 
 And the right one just won't come to my mind 
 You're like the pillar that props me up, the beam that supports me 
 The bitch who never took half, the wife who never divorced me 
 You're like the root to my evil, you let my devil come out me 
 You let me beat the shit out you before you beat the shit out me 
 And no matter how much, too much is never enough 
 Maybe 'cause we're crazy in love 
  
 [Hook: Heart (Sampled)] 
 Go crazy on you 
 Crazy on you 
 Let me go crazy, crazy on you[Intro: Eminem] 
 If there's any bitches in this room 
 Then there's somethin' I gotta say (say) 
 For all the fools who fell for the first girl who comes their way 
 I've been down that road 
 And now I'm back, sittin' on square one 
 Tryin' to pick myself up where I started from 
  
 [Verse 1: Obie Trice] 
 I never would've thought that I'd see you out of control 
 Even though my penis was deep down in your hole 
 You should know, between us we was like mates of soul 
 Nothin' could intervene us, especially no hoes 
 You was more so the chalant type I chose 
 'Til more shows, haunted you nights, I suppose 
 That's how it go: with time spent, emotion grows 
 In the beginning friends, we decided to roll 
 So who's responsible when you get excited, explode 
 And Obie's grinnin', then you invite that Obie's cold? 
 But bitches, they gon' talk; niggas, they gon' hate 
 We established this way before we became mates 
 So what's required is that you chill with all that fire 
 Get your desire when I retire, and— 
  
 [Hook: Dina Rae & Eminem] 
 Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine 
 I never thought I'd find someone to be mine 
 Lord knows I was right, ‘cause you just crossed the line 
 Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I used to say I never met a girl like you before 
 Still ain't got a fuckin' clue as to who you truly are 
 Almost went as far as introducin' you to my daughters 
 'Til you went as far as goin' and snoopin' through my drawers 
 Now I just feel stupid for the loop that you threw me for 
 Can't believe I almost flew the coop for some stupid whore 
 You used to say all you wanted was for me to be yours 
 All I ever wanted from you was a few booty calls 
 If you recall, I used to treat you like a groupie broad 
 When we fucked I refused to even take my jewelry off 
 But it threw me off the first time I called and you blew me off 
 It was a shock, it struck me as odd, but it turned me on 
 You started gettin' moody on me, pretty soon we'd argue 
 And the ruder you got, the more beautiful you got to me 
 And who'da even knew that? Who woulda even thought possibly 
 Cupid could shoot another one of them goddamn darts at me? 
 It's true that I got shot in the heart, but when someone seems 
 Too good to be true, they usually are, but see 
 When you're in it, it's too hard to see 
 'Til you pull up and see some other dude's car parked and reach 
 Up under the seat as your heart starts to beat 
 Before you make a decision that's life-altering 
 And just as you halt and you turn and you start to leave 
 You hear them words echoing, almost haunting, that taunting ring 
  
 [Hook: Dina Rae & Eminem] 
 Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine 
 I never thought I'd find someone to be mine 
 Lord knows I was right, ‘cause you just crossed the line 
 Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine 
  
 [Interlude: Stat Quo] 
 Ha ha, yeah right, bitch 
 Spend some time on my dick 
  
 [Verse 3: Stat Quo] 
 In most cases, Stat's attitude is "Fuck a bitch!" 
 My only motive is to get head and fuck a bitch 
 But you was different, thought we shared a covenant 
 Even held your hand in pub-a-lic 
 We sufferin' because of this 
 Shawty on some whole 'nother other shit 
 Tryin' to play slick, thinkin' I'ma trick off grip 
 I'll admit, I was caught in the mix, down to commit 
 Feedin' you the best of me, I should've fed you piss 
 We started off closer than close 
 But who could've predicted to know 
 Your trifling ways woulda stopped our growth? 
 And the final result, back in that same boat 
 I asked myself: "Do I love these hoes?" — Nope! 
  
 [Verse 4: 50 Cent] 
 Em introduced us: "50, this is Tanya. Tanya, this is 50." 
 Then slid off and left her to kick it with me 
 I complimented her, I said: "You have very nice lips." 
 With my imagination, I could see her suckin' my dick 
 We played the phone game, a week later, shit changed fast 
 Had her comin' over in a cab to give me some ass 
 Downtown Manhattan, on the balcony, stare at the skyline 
 Penthouse full of imported shit, you know how I grind 
 She got to talkin', talkin' like an opportunist, too 
 Why talk when suckin' my dick is the real career move? 
 Said she's an aspiring actress, she do videos for practice 
 Yeah, yeah, know how many times I done heard that shit? 
  
 [Hook: Dina Rae & Eminem] 
 Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine 
 I never thought I'd find someone to be mine 
 Lord knows I was right, ‘cause you just crossed the line 
 Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine[Intro] 
 Hello 
 Allow me to introduce myself 
 My name is Shady 
 It's so nice to meet you 
 It's been a long time 
 I'm sorry I've been away so long 
 My name is Shady 
 I never meant to leave you, yeah 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 You see that chick in the gym, checking me out? 
 Any second I'm 'bout to stick her neck in my mouth 
 I lose a pill and I'm recklessly wreckin' the house 
 That was supposed to be breakfast, where the heck is it now? 
 There's the necklace I lost, right next to Stephanie's blouse 
 Man, I should check to see if my mom left any out 
 Nope, guess I'll re-route 
 Maybe somewhere in the depths of the couch 
 Oh, jackpot, yeah, open sesame mouth 
 Down the hatch, and the feeling you can't match it 
 I rat-tat-tap on your door with a damn ratchet 
 Attack-tack-tacking a whore with a damn hatchet 
 A knapsack packed with like forty-some Xanaxes 
 Shorty come back, I'm tryna score me some lap dances 
 I'm 'bout to relapse, so baby pour me some Jack Daniel's 
 Formula 44D and 40's with bad capsules 
 The bad apple spoils the bunch, I'm back at ya 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Girl, I don't mean any harm 
 All I wanted to do is just say hello 
 And are you menstruating, baby? 
 My little friend's waiting to say hello 
 The way your titties are wigglin' 
 And your booty's shakin' like jello 
 Girl, I don't mean any harm 
 All I wanted to do is just say hello, yeah 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 My equilibrium's off, must be the lithium 
 I don't need to buy any drugs, man, people give me 'em 
 It just becomes everyday, extra-curriculum 
 No reason in particular, it was strictly fun 
 A fifth of rum and two bottles of 151 
 Fifty-one people asleep in my damn living room 
 Excuse me, hun, but what is your name, Vivian? 
 I woke up next to you naked, and uh, did we, um? 
 Of course we did, but didn't I strap Jimmy, hun? 
 I'm looking for the torn wrapper but there don't seem to be one 
 No offense baby girl, I don't mean any harm 
 But disease is something I'm trying to keep my penis free from 
 I find the package and I'm cool, I immediately run 
 Like Speedy Gon-zales to see if I see anyone 
 Who might have a couple of 3's, I'm fiending for some 
 My head is pounding to the beat of the drum 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Girl, I don't mean any harm 
 All I wanted to do is just say hello 
 And do you happen to have anything on you 
 To make my mood mellow? 
 Some are oval and some are pink 
 Some are blue and some are just yellow 
 Girl, I don't mean any harm 
 All I wanted to do is just say hello 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Oh, those were the days, they certainly were 
 It's hurting me to know that I'll be closing that curtain for good 
 Word-word, chk-word-word, chk-word, chk-chk-word 
 I second that and I third, rushed to emergency surgery 
 To try to flush me because of the drugs that he purchased 
 He's no longer getting them free, hundred bucks for these Percodans 
 Plus it's getting to be where he lustfully search the den 
 Pain is hitting his knee and his muscles be hurtin' him 
 Tirelessly on the phone trying to rustle up 
 Muscle relaxers for his back and a couple of Paxils 
 Now he's doubling backwards and he's stumbling back 
 Slipped and fell, hit his back, boom, heard something go crack 
 Now he's up in the bathroom like he's busting a nap 
 Almost ended it that soon because of the fact 
 I'm just busting my own chops while I'm busting a rap 
 Resuscitated and rejuved, so fuck it, I'm back 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Girl, I don't mean any harm 
 All I wanted to do is just say hello 
 And do you happen to have anything on you 
 To make my mood mellow? 
 Some are oval and some are pink 
 Some are blue and some are just yellow 
 Girl, I don't mean any harm 
 All I wanted to do is just say hello 
  
 [Outro] 
 And so I'm saying, hello 
 Allow me to introduce myself 
 My name is Shady 
 It's so nice to meet you 
 It's been a long time 
 I'm sorry I've been away so long 
 My name is Shady 
 I never meant to leave you 
 Yeah, it's like starting over 
 Clean slate, hah[Produced by Bass Brothers] 
  
 [Intro] 
 (Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha) Yo, mic check 
 (Woo, shit) Testing 
 One, two, um, twelve 
 What up? What up? What up? (Outsiderz) 
 This is my dance song, can you hear me? (Outsiderz) 
 (Rah Digga, Young Zee, bust it, bust it) 
 Alright, ayy, turn my headphones up 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 My favorite color is red like the bloodshed 
 From Kurt Cobain's head when he shot himself dead 
 Women all grabbin' at my shish kabab 
 Bought Lauryn Hill's tape so her kids could starve 
 (“I can't stand white people”) 
 You thought I was ill and now I'm even more so 
 Shit, I got full-blown AIDS and a sore throat 
 I got a wardrobe with an orange robe 
 I'm in the fourth row, signin' autographs at your show 
 I just remembered that I'm absent-minded 
 Wait, I mean I've lost my mind, I can't find it 
 I'm freestylin' every verse that I spit 
 'Cause I don't even remember the words to my shit (Um, one, two) 
 I told the doc I need a change in sickness 
 And gave a girl herpes in exchange for syphilis 
 Put my LP on your Christmas gift list 
 You want to get high? Here, bitch, just sniff this 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo 
 I tried suicide once and I'll try it again 
 That's why I write songs where I die at the end 
 'Cause I don't give a fuck like my middle finger was stuck 
 And I was wavin' it at everybody, screamin', "I suck" (I suck) 
 I go on stage in front of a sell-out crowd 
 And yell out loud, "All y'all get the hell out now" 
 Fuck rap, I'm givin' it up, y'all, I'm sorry 
 (But Eminem, this is your record release party) 
 I'm bored out of my gourd, so I took a hammer 
 And nailed my foot to the floorboard of my Ford 
 Guess I'm just a sick, sick bastard 
 Who's one sandwich short of a picnic basket (I ain't got it all) 
 One Excedrin tablet short of a full medicine cabinet 
 I feel like my head has been shredded like lettuce and cabbage (Oh) 
 And if you ever see a video for this shit 
 I'll probably be dressed up like a mummy with my wrists slit 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Got bitches on my jock out in East Detroit 
 'Cause they think that I'm a motherfuckin' Beastie Boy 
 So I told 'em I was Mike D 
 They was like, "Gee, I don't know, he might be" 
 I told 'em, "Meet me at Kid Rock's next concert" (Oh really?) 
 I'll be standin' by the Loch Ness Monster" (Okay) 
 Peace out (Bye) 
 Then I jetted to the weed house, smoked out 
 'Til I started bustin' freestyles, broke out 
 Then I dipped quick back to the crib, put on lipstick 
 Crushed up the Tylenol and ate it with a dipstick 
 Made a couple of crank calls collect (Brrrt) 
 "It's Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, can you accept?" 
 I want to make songs all the fellas dub 
 And murder every rich rapper that I'm jealous of 
 So just remember, when I bomb your set 
 Yo, I only cuss to make your mom upset 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)[Intro] 
 Yeah, ohh, yeah yeah, ohh 
 I feel like dancing, I feel like dancing 
 I smell something in the air that's making me (High!) 
 I said, I smell something in the air that's making me high 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Okay, here we go, do-re-mi-fa-so, fa-so-la-ti-da-so 
 Lyrical rascal, kick back the Tabasco 
 You motherfuckers must just not know the tick-tock, so 
 Time to show you the most kick-ass flow in the cosmos 
 Picasso with a pick axe, a sick asshole 
 Tic-tac-toe comes with six-pack with Exacto 
 Knives, strangling wives with thick lasso 
 Big bags of the grass, Zig-Zags, I'm with the Doc, so 
 You know how that go, skull and the crossbones 
 This is poison to boys and girls who do not know 
 You do not want to try this at home, my lil' vato 
 This is neither the time nor the place to get macho 
 So crack a six-pack, sit back with some nachos 
 Maybe some popcorn and watch the show and just rock slow 
 It's not what you expected, nor what you thought, so 
 'Bout time that you wake the fuck up, smell the pot smoke 
  
 [Chorus] 
 It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana 
 That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high 
 Maybe it's the Hindi that has gotten in me 
 Whatever's got into me, I don't mind 
 I said it's the ganja, it's the marijuana 
 That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high 
 Maybe it's the Hindi that has gotten in me 
 Whatever's got into me, I don't mind 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Your dreams are getting fulfilled 
 Ooh, I'm literally getting a chill, spitting at will 
 Me and Dre have just finished splitting a pill 
 You're submitting to skill, sitting still 
 I'm admitting I'm beginning to feel like I don't think anyone's real 
 Faced with a dilemma: I can be Dalai Lama 
 And be calm or bring drama, a step beyond of Jeffrey Dahmer 
 Please don't upset me, mama, you're looking sexy, mama 
 Don't know if it's the lala or the rum and Pepsi, mama 
 Don't wanna end up inside my refrigerator freezer 
 Be used as extra topping the next time I make a pizza 
 How many people you know 
 Who can name every serial killer who ever existed in a row? 
 Put 'em in chronological order, beginning with Jack the Ripper 
 Name the time and place; from the body, the bag, the zipper 
 Location of the woods 
 Where the body was dragged and then dumped 
 The trunk that they were stuffed in, the model, the make, the plate 
 And which model, which lake they found her in 
 How they attacked the victim 
 Say which murder weapon was used to do what in which one 
 Which knife and which gun, what kid, what wife, and which nun 
 Don't stop, I like this, it's fun, the fucking night's just begun 
  
 [Chorus] 
 It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana 
 That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high 
 Maybe it's the Hindi that has gotten in me 
 Whatever's got into me, I don't mind 
 I said it's the ganja, it's the marijuana 
 That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high 
 Maybe it's the Hindi that has gotten in me 
 Whatever's got into me, I don't mind 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 When I'm behind the mic, dynamite's what it's kinda like 
 You're stuck with the same stick that you're tryna light 
 Behind the board sits Dre, legends are made this way 
 Isn't it safe to say this is the way it should be? 
 Maybe you need some lyric syrup serum for your symptoms 
 Here's a dosage of the antidote, now you give him some 
 He can give her some, she can give them some 
 Get behind a LinnDrum 
 Make up a beat and kill the sucker syndrome 
 The spinning drum when it comes to lyrics and penning some 
 Starting from scratch and then ending up at the ending of 
 Capable of winning a Pulitzer 
 So unbelievable, it's a titanium cranium that's full of sur– 
 –prises when the smoke rises right before your very own eyes 
 You stare into your stereos (high) 
 Good evening, this isn't even a weed thing 
 I ain't even smoke anything, I ain't even drinking 
  
 [Chorus] 
 It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana 
 That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high 
 Maybe it's the Hindi that has gotten in me 
 Whatever's got into me, I don't mind 
 It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana 
 That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high 
 Maybe it's the Hindi that has gotten in me 
 Whatever's got into me, I don't mind[Intro] 
 "Breaking news: Detroit rapper Eminem cancels his sold-out European tour to check himself into rehab after admitting an addiction to sleep medication. We'll have more on this story as it develops." 
 "Shady Records recording artist Obie Trice has apparently survived a gunshot to the head in what appears to be a random drive-by shooting. Meanwhile, Eminem is rumored to be alienated--" 
 "On again/off again relationship with..." 
 "This just in, a tour bus involving Eminem's bus..." 
 "Updating a story we brought you earlier about gunfire at an after-hours club, we've learned that the rapper Proof has been fatally shot." 
 "Shady/Aftermath recording artist..." 
 "Long-time best friend of Eminem and a member of the rap group D12" 
 "D12, back in the news again today..." 
 "Is it a sabbatical or the end? The rumors and speculation continue to swirl around Eminem. He insists he's just taking a break, but doubters believe he's retiring, leaving us all to ask, 'Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?'" 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 So this is it, this is what I wished for 
 Just isn't how I envisioned it, fame to the point of imprisonment 
 I just thought the shit'd be different 
 But somethin' changed the minute that I got a whiff of it 
 I started to inhale it, smell it, started sniffin' it 
 And it became my cocaine, I just couldn't quit 
 I just wanted a little bit, then it turned me to a monster 
 I became a hypocrite, concert after concert 
 I was rakin' in the dough, rollin' in green 
 Had the game hemmed up, like a sewing machine 
 But I was losing my freedom, there was nowhere for me 
 To not go and be seen, and just go and be me 
 And there was no in-between, you either loved it or hate it 
 Every CD critics gave it a 3, then three 
 Years later they go back and re-rate it 
 Then called The Slim Shady LP the greatest 
 The Marshall Mathers was a classic 
 The Eminem Show was fantastic 
 But Encore just didn't have the caliber to match it 
 I guess enough time just ain't passed yet 
 A couple more years, that shit'll be Illmatic 
 And eight years later, I'm still at it 
 Divorced, re-married, a felon, a father, sleeping pill addict 
 And this is real talk, I feel like The Incredible Hulk 
 My back has been broke and I can still walk 
  
 [Chorus] 
 So be careful what you wish for, 'cause you just might get it 
 And if you get it, then you just might not know what to do with it 
 'Cause it might just come back on you ten-fold 
 I said be careful what you wish for, 'cause you just might get it 
 And if you get it, then you just might not know what to do with it 
 'Cause it might just come back on you ten-fold 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I got a letter from a fan that said he's been praying for me 
 Every day and for some reason 
 It's been weighing on my mind heavy 
 'Cause I don't read every letter I get 
 But something told me to go ahead and open it 
 But, why would someone pray for you 
 When they don't know you? 
 You didn't pray for me when I was local 
 And as I lay these vocals, I think of all the shit I had to go through 
 Just to get to where I'm at, I've already told you 
 At least a thousand times in these rhymes 
 I appreciate the prayer but I've already got God on my side 
 And it's been one hell of a ride, hasn't it? 
 Just watching it from a opposite standpoint 
 Man, boy's got to look 
 Nuts, and that's the only word I can think of 
 Right now, on how to describe the shit 
 This is like a vibe you get, go ahead and bop to it 
 Just watch what you wish for 'cause I got the shit 
  
 [Chorus] 
 So be careful what you wish for, 'cause you just might get it 
 And if you get it, then you just might not know what to do with it 
 'Cause it might just come back on you ten-fold 
 I said be careful what you wish for, 'cause you just might get it 
 And if you get it, then you just might not know what to do with it 
 'Cause it might just come back on you ten-fold[Intro] 
 Ayo, dawg, I got some shit on my motherfuckin' chest 
 That I need to get off 'cause if I don't 
 I'ma fuckin' explode or somethin' 
 Now, look, this is the story about 
 Some little fuckin' girls that I know 
 It goes like this 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 It's so easy for me to make enemies any more, it's sickening 
 People are lookin' for an excuse to jump on my shitlist 
 Stickin' their noses in shit that isn't none of their business 
 I never asked, cared, gave a fuck, or wanted opinions 
 Now I'm in the position that I don't wanna be in shit 
 I never had no beef with you corny son-of-a-bitches 
 But now the shit is broken, you can't do nothin' to fix it 
 So I'm tellin' you right now, motherfuck a Limp Bizkit 
 Now I'ma be real, B-Real was real 
 He ain't say shit the whole time me and Whitey was beefin, see, he chilled 
 He was cool with the whole situation and kept it neutral 
 I'd have never involved my crew if it wasn't for pupils 
 Peoples, whatever your backpackin' cipherin' name is 
 Had I not opened a magazine and seen what you were sayin' and 
 I'da never involved you, but you had to add your two pennies 
 Now I gotta go grab my shitlist and add some new enemies 
 Hit the studio and I'll admit, I had a few in me 
 Fuck it, I roasted you, I ain't mad at you any 
 But let it be known that song was never released, it leaked 
 I'da never gave you that much attention intentionally 
 Then I look on the TV, now look who's mentioning me 
 That little fuckin' weasel, DJ Lethal, on MTV 
 After I gave you props in that song, you on national TV 
 Talkin' 'bout Everlast is gonna whip my ass when he sees me? 
 Come on, dawg, he was s'posed to be on that song 
 Talkin' 'bout how bad you hate him, now you all on his thong? 
 What's wrong? You scared? And Fred, you said you was dissin' him too 
 I shoulda knew better than to listen to you 
 You fuckin' sissy, up on stage, screamin' how people hate you 
 They don't hate you, they just think you're corny since Christina played you 
 And I dare you motherfuckers to try to diss me back 
 That's a sissy act, and don't call me kissin' my ass 
 'Cause I swear to God this ain't just a song, I'm tryna to pre-warn you 
 Lethal, when I fuckin' see you, dog, I'm swingin' on you! 
 Motherfuckers must think 'cause I'm in trouble with the law 
 That I won't jaw 'em, up my sentence and double it tomorrow 
 Y'all some... 
  
 [Hook] 
 Girls (Y'all are some goddamn girls) 
 Why do you act this way? (Why do you act this way, huh?) 
 Why do y'all act like fuckin' sissies, you pussies 
 Keep talkin' shit behind my back, you just some bitches for that 
 And we all know (we all know, hah) 
 How fuckin' cowards roll (Keep rollin' rollin' rollin'!) 
 In fuckin' Bentleys and pretend to be down 
 But as soon as someone calls you out 
 You put your tail between your legs and bow down 
  
 [Post-Hook] 
 Now, I don't ask nobody to share my beliefs 
 To be involved in my beefs 
 I'm a man, I can stand on my feet 
 So if you don't wanna be in 'em, all I ask 
 Is that you don't open your mouth with an opinion 
 And I won't put you in 'em 
 'Cause I don't ask nobody to share my beliefs 
 To be involved in my beefs 
 I'm a man, I can stand on my feet 
 So if you don't wanna be in 'em, all I ask 
 Is that you don't open your mouth with an opinion 
 And I won't put you in 'em 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Now see if you diss me and I respond, the beef is on 
 But if I help you sell one record 
 And I see you at a show, I'll strip you naked 
 See, I was smart, I came back and scooped up my friends 
 Now I got five dawgs that'd die for me like I'd die for them 
 I'd fight for them, swing or shoot like I fight for Kim 
 All of 'em been with me through this fucked up life that I'm in 
 That goes for all of my dawgs, from Royce to Dre 
 From Xzibit to Mel-Man, 'til I'm hoist away 
 In my coffin I'll never soften, no matter how often I'm tested 
 I'll never give a fuck, I won't never be interested 
 Love me or hate me as much as Fred wants to be hated 
 I will solemnly stand by every statement I stated 
 This shit that I been through my pencil never could pencil 
 But I will never be this gullible ever again no, nope 
 Next time I'll know when someone's copyin' off me 
 I'm not bein' cocky, I just know when somebody's mockin' me 
 I stick up my middle finger, he sticks up his finger (hey!) 
 I say, "Fuck Christina!",  he says, "Fuck Christina!", but meaner 
 So from doin' a song with Method to beggin' to get accepted 
 I'm peggin' Fred with the bottle of dye that he bleached his head with 
 And as for Lethal, don't forget what I said 
 I'm fuckin' you up, punk, you're dead! Don't think that I'm playin'! 
 And fuck Bizkit! 'Cause I know you're sayin', "Fuck D12!" 
 Only not to our face, under your breath to yourselves 
 Little ... 
  
 [Hook] 
 Girls (Motherfuckin' females) 
 Why do you act this way? (Why do you act this way, huh?) 
 Why do y'all act like fuckin' sissies, you pussies 
 Keep talkin' shit behind my back, you just some bitches for that 
 And we all know (we all know the truth) 
 How fuckin' cowards roll (Keep rollin' rollin' rollin'!) 
 In fuckin' Bentley's and pretend to be down 
 But as soon as someone calls you out 
 You put your tail between your legs and bow down 
  
 [Post-Hook] 
 Now, I don't ask nobody to share my beliefs 
 To be involved in my beefs 
 I'm a man, I can stand on my feet 
 So if you don't wanna be in 'em, all I ask 
 Is that you don't open your mouth with an opinion 
 And I won't put you in 'em 
 'Cause I don't ask nobody to share my beliefs 
 To be involved in my beefs 
 I'm a man, I can stand on my feet 
 So if you don't wanna be in 'em, all I ask 
 Is that you don't open your mouth with an opinion 
 And I won't put you in 'em 
  
 [Outro] 
 And that's it, that's all there is to it, dawg 
 If you didn't wanna do the fuckin' song 
 Don't say you're down with doin' the fuckin' song 
 And then back out at the last minute 
 And then go on motherfuckin' MTV talkin' about 
 Everlast can whip my motherfuckin' ass 
 If you're scared of Whitey Ford, dawg 
 Just say you're scared of Whitey Ford, that's it 
 That's all you had to fuckin' say, I wouldn'ta said shit 
 I woulda backed off, did the motherfuckin' song myself 
 And not put you motherfuckers in it, that's all 
 Now, I ain't even on no rap shit no more 
 I'm on some fuckin-you-up-shit when I see you 
 And I will see you, too 
 Oh, and by the way, Fred 
 That wasn't an accident 
 I didn't mean to give you a play at the Music Awards 
 Haha![Intro] 
 Still love me? Take this 
 You ready? One, two, three! 
  
 [Chorus] 
 The more you put me through 
 The more it makes me wanna come back to you 
 You say you hate me, I just love you more 
 You don't want me, I just want you more 
 I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me 
 I know it's sad but it's makin' me happy 
 The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on 
 'Cause you love me, and I love you more 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 It's sick but who could ever predict, we'd be doin' the same shit 
 We say we do it for our baby but we don't 
 We do it for us, it's lust 'cause neither one 
 Of us trust each other, so we fuck 'til we bust 
 And we cuss each other out 
 We know what it's about, shout 
 'Til I throw you out the house, you throw me out the house 
 I throw you on the couch, punch you in the mouth 
 Fist fight 'til we turn this mother out 
 Then apologize after, laughter, pain 
 It's insane we're back in the same chapter again 
 And it's sad but it's true, when I'm layin' here with you 
 There ain't nothin' anyone could ever say or ever do 'cause 
  
 [Chorus] 
 The more you put me through 
 The more it makes me wanna come back to you 
 You say you hate me, I just love you more 
 You don't want me, I just want you more 
 I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me 
 I know it's sad but it's makin' me happy 
 The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on 
 'Cause you love me, and I love you more 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 'Cause I hate you, do you hate me? 
 Good, 'cause you're so fuckin' beautiful when you're angry 
 It makes me wanna just take you and just throw you 
 On the bed and fuck you like I don't even know you 
 You fuck other people and I fuck other people 
 You're a slut, but I'm equal, I'm a mutt, we're both evil 
 In our ways but neither one of us would ever admit it 
 'Cause one us would have one up on the other so forget it 
 We can make accusations, people spread rumors 
 But they ain't got proof, 'til they do it's just the two of us 
 It's you and me, 'cause any chick can say that she screwin' me 
 But you gotta believe me to a degree 'cause true indeed 
 If you didn't I wouldn't be hittin' — yeah, I would 
 'Cause the sex is too damn good, if I ran who would I run to 
 That would be this soft and warm 
 So it's off and on, usually more off than on 
 But at least we know, that we share this common bond 
 You're the only one I can fuck without a condom on 
 I hope, the only reason that I cope is 'cause of that fact 
 And plus I can bust in that and that's why 
  
 [Chorus] 
 The more you put me through 
 The more it makes me wanna come back to you 
 You say you hate me, I just love you more 
 You don't want me, I just want you more 
 I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me 
 I know it's sad but it's makin' me happy 
 The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on 
 'Cause you love me, and I love you more 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I can never understand it, that's why I don't try 
 From junior high until we both die, it's silly 
 Oh why must we try, is it really so rough 
 That we must always call each other's Billy Goat's Gruff 
 Try to pull each other's legs, until the other begs 
 We're lyin' to ourselves, that's the beauty of it yeah 
 'Cause we truly love each other, that's why we always fightin' 
 All we do is shove each other every other fuckin' night 
 And it's clear it ain't gonna change, it's pent-up rage 
 We both had, we both feel like we've been upstaged 
 By someone else, we've both been someone else's "someone else" 
 Problem is neither one wants help 
 It's an addiction and it can't be fixed 
 Our family's mixed up, there's a baby sister in the mix 
 And it hurts 'cause the pieces to the puzzle don't fit 
 And anybody who thinks they know us doesn't know shit 
 And they're probably just tired of hearin' it all the time 
 On every song, every lyric and every rhyme 
 All the hoop-la, all of the whoopty-woo 
 What you put me through, fuckin' whoopty-do 
 But I won't be made a fool of, if this is true love 
 You wouldn't do what you did last time, you wouldn't screw up 
 This time, 'cause this time girl I'm tellin' you what 
 You do it again, I'm fuckin' you up 
  
 [Bridge] 
 No matter what you say, or what you do 
 I'ma hunt you down 'til I find you 
 No matter where you run, I'll be right there 
 Right behind you, in your nightmares 
 So I brought you the flowers, and the candy 
 All the times that you threw it back at me 
 Told me you hate me, you gon' hate me more 
 When you find out, you can't escape me whore 
  
 [Chorus] 
 The more you put me through 
 The more it makes me wanna come back to you 
 You say you hate me, I just love you more 
 You don't want me, I just want you more 
 I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me 
 I know it's sad but it's makin' me happy 
 The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on 
 'Cause you love me, and I love you more[Intro: Dr. Dre & Eminem] 
 So I'm out the game, huh? 
 Yo, Dre, we ridin'? 
 Whatever 
 Haha, well, I'm with you, homie 
 Okay, let's handle the small shit 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem & Dr. Dre] 
 I was born to brew up storms, stir up shit 
 Kick up dust, cuss 'til I slur up spit 
 Grew up too quick, went through too much 
 Knew too much shit, corrupt 
 And I'ma pour it on like syrup, bitch 
 Thick and rich, sick and twisted, Mr. Buttersworth 
 Dre told me to milk this shit for what it's worth 
 'Til the cow just tilts and tips and stumbles to Earth 
 And if I fumble a verse, keep going 
 First take I make, mistakes, just keep it 
 No punches pulled, no punches, that's weak shit 
 Fake shit, if I ever take shit I'll eat shit 
 Wasn't for him, wouldn't be shit 
 Creep with me as we take a little trip down memory lane 
 Been here longer than anyone in the game 
 And I ain't got to lie about my age 
 (But what about Jermaine?) Fuck Jermaine! 
 He don't belong speaking mine or Timbaland's name 
 And don't think I don't read your little interviews 
 And see what you're sayin' 
 I'm a giant, and I ain't gotta move 'til I'm provoked 
 When I see you, I'ma step on you and not even know it 
 You midget, mini-me with a bunch of little mini-yous 
 Running around your backyard swimming pools 
 Over 80 million records sold 
 And I ain't have to do it with 10- or 11-year-olds 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 ‘Cause what you say is what you say 
 Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it 
 Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it 
 So who you playing with, huh? 
 ‘Cause what you say is what you say 
 Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it 
 Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it 
 So who you playing with, huh? 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem & Dr. Dre] 
 Second verse, it gets worse, it gets no better than this 
 Amateurs drink veteran piss from a Dixie cup 
 If you ever mix me up 
 Or confuse me with a Canibus or Dre with a Dupri 
 We'll rub it in, every club you're in 
 We'll have you blackballed 
 And make sure you never rap a-fucking-gain 
 Dre ain't having it, long as I'm here to play devil's advocate 
 If there was some magic shit I could wave over the industry 
 That could save it when I'm gone and buried 
 To make sure the tradition carries on, I would 
 If I could only use this power for good 
 I wouldn't, not even if I could 
 From the hood, and I'm a hornet 
 And I'ma only sting when I'm cornered 
 And I'ma only sucker punch and swing without warning 
 And swing to knock somebody's fucking head off 
 ‘Cause I know if they get up 
 I won't get a chance to let off another punch 
 I'm punk rock, no one's punk 
 Don't give a fuck: white-Pac, so much spunk 
 When I was little I knew I would blow up and sell a mil' 
 Or grow up to be Attila, go nuts and be a killer 
 And I'm something of a phenom, one puff of the chron' 
 I'm unstoppable, I'm alive and on top again 
 There's no obstacle that I can't conquer 
 So come along with us (C'mon!) 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 ‘Cause what you say is what you say 
 Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it 
 Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it 
 So who you playing with, huh? 
 ‘Cause what you say is what you say 
 Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it 
 Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it 
 So who you playing with, huh? 
  
 [Verse 3: Dr. Dre & Eminem] 
 Now anybody who knows Dre 
 Knows I'm about fast cars and Alizé, partying all day 
 But I handled my business, ‘cause it's work before play 
 Don't look for trouble, but I'll serve you gourmet 
 However you want it, you can have it your way 
 You fuck my night up, I'ma fuck up your day 
 Bullet with your name, sending it your way 
 That goes for anyone who walks through that doorway 
 ‘Cause this is my space, you invade it 
 Live to regret it, and you'll die trying to violate it 
 Fuck around, get annihilated, eyes dilated 
 Huh, like my old lady 
 ‘Cause what you say is what you say 
 Sometimes what you mean is two different things 
 Depending on your mood if it swings 
 Think too many things, little hit of Dre's weed 
 I can do anything, catch a contact and I'm gone 
 And I'm back, I speed write 
 And my loose leaf's my launchpad 
 And I can pull any string; don't have to prove anything 
 Catch a contract on your head 
 You headed West, talk shit about Dre 
 You better get a vest and invest 
 In something to protect your head and neck 
 And it's back and forth all day, like Red and Meth 
 I joke when I say I'm the best in the booth 
 But a lot of truth is said in jest 
 And if I ever do live to be a legend I'ma die a sudden death 
 Five mics in The Source? Ain't holding my fucking breath 
 But I'll suffocate for the respect 
 'Fore I breathe to collect a fucking check 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 ‘Cause what you say is what you say 
 Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it 
 Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it 
 So who you playing with, huh? 
 ‘Cause what you say is what you say 
 Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it 
 Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it 
 So who you playing with, huh? 
  
 [Outro: Dr. Dre & Timbaland] 
 Watch your fucking mouth! 
 Yo, this Timbaland, tell him I said suck my dick![Intro: 50 Cent & Eminem] 
 Sh-sh-sh, Shady! Aftermath! Haha! 
 G-G-G-G, G-Unit! Haha! 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem & 50 Cent] 
 ’Cause we came here to set this party off right 
 Let’s bounce tonight 
 And if they don’t let us in through the front 
 We’ll come through the side 
 ’Cause I don’t ever wanna leave the game 
 Without at least saying goodbye 
 So all my people on the left, all my people on the right 
 Swing one last time 
  
 [Introduction: Eminem] 
 Get your ass up for the doctor, one more time 
 Get your ass up for the doctor, come on now 
 Here we go, cliff hanger, it’s another club banger 
 Got ya hangin’ on the edge of your seat, get on down 
  
 [Verse 1: Dr. Dre & Eminem] 
 Time’s up, game’s over, you lose, I win 
 ’Bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here 
 Oh yeah, new year, next phase, begin 
 Look who’s got you goin’ crazy again 
 I’m a trend, I set one every time I’m in 
 I go out and just come back full circle again 
 You a fad, that means you something that we already had 
 But once you’re gone, you don’t come back 
 Too bad, you’re off the map now, radar can’t even find you 
 We stay on the grind, you slip, we out-grind you 
 You walk around mad, you let your anger blind you 
 We walk around just playin’ the violin behind you 
 Enough with all the pissin’ and moanin’, wining and bitchin’ 
 Sit and observe, listen, you’ll learn if you pay attention 
 Why ten multi-platinum albums later, three diamond 
 Worldwide, we’re on the charts with a bullet and still climbin’ 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem & 50 Cent] 
 ’Cause we came here to set this party off right 
 Let’s bounce tonight 
 And if they don’t let us in through the front 
 We’ll come through the side 
 ’Cause I don’t ever wanna leave the game 
 Without at least saying goodbye 
 So all my people on the left, all my people on the right 
 Swing one last time 
  
 [Introduction: Eminem, Dr. Dre & 50 Cent] 
 When Dr. Dre says crunk, you will get it crunk 
 Get it crunk! Crunk! Crunk! Crunk! 
 And when 50 Cent says jump, you get on one foot and jump 
 Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! 
  
 [Verse 2: Dr. Dre & Eminem] 
 The buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it 
 I don’t gotta promote it, for you to know that Doc is off the benches 
 We keep the party rockin’ off the hinges 
 We ain’t showin’ off, we just going off popular consensus 
 But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk 
 Doc is all washed up, knock it off, who the fuck is Doc impressin’? 
 Doc is this, Doc is that, you got the wrong impression 
 You must be on the cock of Doc, ’cause Doc left you all guessin’ 
 So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record (What?!) 
 We gon’ have this motherfucker hoppin’ in a second (Bump, bump!) 
 That’s why we always save the best cut last 
 To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass 
 ’Cause we done swam with the sharks, wrestled with alligators 
 Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers 
 Whom if it wasn’t for rap to bridge the gap may be raised to be racist 
 Who may have never got to see our faces 
 Graced the cover of Rolling Stone pages 
 Broke down barriers of language and races 
 Just call on the caped crusaders and leave it to me and Dre 
 To pass the mic and we can play the 
 Back and forth all day like the hot potato game 
 That’s why we came to… 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem & 50 Cent] 
 ’Cause we came here to set this party off right 
 Let’s bounce tonight 
 And if they don’t let us in through the front 
 We’ll come through the side 
 ’Cause I don’t ever wanna leave the game 
 Without at least saying goodbye 
 So all my people on the left, all my people on the right 
 Swing one last time 
  
 [Introduction: Eminem] 
 50 Cent, come on! 
  
 [Verse 3: 50 Cent, Dr. Dre & Eminem] 
 Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do 
 We make the club jump everywhere we go 
 It’s no secret, everybody know 
 When Dre’s involved, there’s plenty of money involved 
 And plenty honey’s involved and sunny Sundays and palm trees 
 Cali, everyday is just another party 
 From the valleys all the way to them 8 Mile alleys 
 Let’s rally, hands up for the grand finale 
 Now raise up out your seat, Dre’s about to speak 
 Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week 
 You can catch me in the studio, bangin’ out the beats to 
 Provide you with the heat that keep blazing out your speakers 
 So never say never ’cause Shady, Aftermath together 
 Along with G-Unit Records presents the return of the 
 The Doc and Shady, no one can do it better 
 We tear the club up and leave without a shred of evidence that a… 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem & 50 Cent] 
 We came here to set this party off right 
 Let’s bounce tonight 
 And if they don’t let us in through the front 
 We’ll come through the side 
 ’Cause I don’t ever wanna leave the game 
 Without at least saying goodbye 
 So all my people on the left, all my people on the right 
 Swing one last time 
  
 [Outro: Eminem & 50 Cent] 
 Yeah, haha! Still Aftermath, 2006! And don’t worry about that Detox album, it’s comin’… We gon’ make Dre do it! Haha! 50 Cent, G-Unit, Obie Trice, D-Twizzy, Stat Quo, Dr. Dre! We ain’t leaving, let’s go, haha! Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for coming out! Peace! 
 *People chanting Eminem’s name* 
 *Footsteps* 
 Oh shit! I almost forgot… 
 *Girl screams as Eminem pulls out a gun* 
 You’re coming with me! 
 *Eminem cocks the gun and starts shooting at the audience* 
 *People start to scream terrified and run* 
 *Gunshots and shouting* 
 Ha ha ha. Bye, bye! 
 *Eminem shoots himself* 
 See you in hell, fuckers[Intro] 
 *Eminem pukes into the toilet* 
 *Eminem hocks and spits into the toilet* 
 *Toilet flush* 
 There I go, thinking of you again 
  
 [Hook] 
 You don't know how sick you make me 
 You make me fucking sick to my stomach 
 Every time I think of you I puke 
 You must just not kno-o-o-o-o-o-ow 
 You may not think you do, but you do 
 Every time I think of you I puke 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little poem 
 But off of the dome would probably be a little more 
 More suitable for this type of song, whoa 
 I got a million reasons off the top of my head that I could think of 
 Sixteen bars just ain't enough to put some ink to 
 So fuck it, I'ma start right here, I'll just be brief, I'm 
 'Bout to rattle off some of the reasons 
 I knew I shouldn't go and get another tattoo 
 Of you on my arm, but what do I go and do? 
 I go and get another one, now I got two (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh) 
 Now I'm sitting here with your name on my skin 
 I can't believe I went and did this stupid shit again 
 My next girlfriend, now her name's gotta be Kim (Shi-i-i-i-i-i-it) 
 If you only knew how much I hated you 
 For every motherfucking thing you've ever put us through 
 Then I wouldn't be standing here crying over you (Boo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-hoo) 
  
 [Hook] 
 You don't know how sick you make me 
 You make me fucking sick to my stomach 
 Every time I think of you I puke 
 You must just not kno-o-o-o-o-o-ow 
 You may not think you do, but you do 
 Every time I think of you I puke 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little letter 
 But I thought a song would probably be a little better 
 Instead of a letter that you'd probably just shred up, yeah 
 I stumbled on your picture yesterday and it made me stop and think of 
 How much of a waste it'd be for me to put some ink to, a stupid piece of 
 Paper, I'd rather let you see how 
 Much I fucking hate you in a freestyle 
 You're a fucking cokehead slut, I hope you fucking die 
 I hope you get to hell and Satan sticks a needle in your eye 
 I hate your fucking guts, you fucking slut, I hope you die (Di-i-i-i-i-i-ie) 
 But please don't get me wrong, I'm not bitter or mad 
 It's not that I still love you, it's not 'cause I want you back 
 It's just that when I think of you it makes me wanna yack (A-a-a-a-a-a-ack) 
 But what else can I do? I haven't got a clue 
 Now I guess I'll just move on, I have no choice but to 
 But every time I think of you now all I wanna do is pu-u-u-u-u-u-uke 
  
 [Hook] 
 You don't know how sick you make me 
 You make me fucking sick to my stomach 
 Every time I think of you I puke 
 You must just not kno-o-o-o-o-o-ow 
 You may not think you do, but you do 
 Every time I think of you I puke 
  
 [Outro] 
 *Eminem pukes into the toilet* 
 *Eminem hocks and spits into the toilet* 
 *Toilet flush* 
 *Eminem burps* 
 Ah, damn! 
 Fucking bitch[Verse 1: Mr. Porter] 
 Welcome to the ill world of Mr. P-O 
 Ayy, keep the talk, B, I'm tryna see dough 
 If it ain't about bread, what we gon' speak fo'? 
 If it ain't no lead, then it ain't no beef, bro 
 You better get a leash ‘cause yo' freak ho 
 Specialize in wood like she Home Depot 
 I'm like Chico DeBarge, we stars 
 Roscoe P. Coltrane in these bars 
 Man, Amtrak, I'll break her damn back 
 Man, it's Ralph Lauren, this ain't no damn Chaps 
 It's all Polo, I'm so pro though 
 You bird-crazy; El Pollo Loco 
 Talkin' about cheese and this ain't no photo 
 Askin' about rings like the ho know Frodo 
 You better get out of my house and shit 
 I think I threw up in my mouth a bit: I'm sick 
  
 [Verse 2: Royce da 5'9"] 
 Niggas be lyin', talkin' about they bust a heater 
 Once I see him, maybe more like Justin Bieber 
 Leavin' my rivals underground, like Skyzoo's, how I do 
 I have him layin' in the street and bleedin', butt-naked 
 With a bullet in his mothafuckin' head like Erykah Badu 
 I find irony in bein' in a place 
 Where I'm wearin' Gucci, mane, gettin' whiteboy wasted 
 I tell a nigga: break bread or take lead 
 I'm tryin' to get rid of this weight, like K-Fed 
 Me and Denaun got a gangsta bond 
 We like that once-in-a-lifetime thing to you 
 That ain't the prom 
 The next MC that rhyme official, with ref, with a whistle 
 That ain't Young Money, I'ma definitely diss you 
 If you rhymin' "packin' a MAC" with "back of the Acura" 
 Or perhaps you can't match my spectacular vernacular 
 You still rhymin' bottles with models, college with knowledge 
 Usin' the word swagger, you're probably garbage 
 You thugs funny, comparin' 5'9" to anybody 
 You comparin' Superman to Bugs Bunny 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 I'm like a white Michael – Vick, psycho enough to stick 
 Michael J. Fox in a microwave with a Rott 
 I might make a little Alizé with a side of NyQuil 
 And ride a motorcycle bike 
 Right through the side of my high school 
 Satan's disciple with a sniper rifle 
 And a knife and a white diaper 
 Liable to shit on you while I snipe you 
 So dope he gets off opiates 
 What an appropriate way to start off his day! 
 He may just smart off to Dre 
 He may be hard to contain 
 ‘Cause his rage is so hard to gauge 
 See, Hannibal ate his face, and met Jason, gnawed off his leg 
 Amazin' hard-on for razors and blades 
 And anything sharp, even poisonous darts 
 It all plays a major part of his game 
 Holy water won't ward him off, crucifixes won't do the trick 
 He's so sick, it's ridiculous 
 Sawed the crazy part off his brain, he's still insane 
 Why's there bloodstains on his carpet, mane? 
 There's some crazy shit goin' on in Shady's apartment again 
  
 [Verse 4: Mr. Porter] 
 Okay, it's back to the blocks, slingin' yay like the old days 
 Superman on the beat, I carry my whole state 
 You wooden legs to a house: you can't hold weight 
 Oh shit, it's O'Shea Jackson… okay 
 A little bit of this twisted out with Obama in it 
 Mr. Porter back with anthrax, like Osama sent him 
 Bitch, I'm all that, I drive the girls crazy 
 They gotta look at Rorschachs to get they thoughts back 
 I ain't a small fry, small ticker, small tack 
 I make 'em all cry with big dick and raw sack 
 The potblood of science to return a raw rap 
 I'm the best, mane; Eli Porter stance 
  
 [Verse 5: Royce da 5'9"] 
 Y'all bitches should call Nickle the Don Bishop 
 A poet, a mixture of Don Goines and John Grisham 
 Flow'll have you rewindin' it four or five times 
 That landmine rhyme written with porcupine line 
 Step up in here with the Slaughterhouse 
 C.O.B. Gang will approach you 
 And bend your gun barrel to a horseshoe 
 Only fuck with monsters, we the truth 
 Monsters will pop up on you 
 Like you said "Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice." 
 I can't even see the booth, I could fit in Stevie's shoe 
 I'm sick, I got the Desert Eagle flu 
 I'm rich, lil' nigga, we don't need a cent, we Teflon 
 The doctor tried to take blood, the needle bent; ask Mom 
 Outta my mind if you can imagine 
 Usin' Magic's johnson without a condom, I'm bonkers 
 Got the streets goin', dude, it's tremendous 
 If I come for your blood, I ain't gon' be usin' syringes 
  
 [Verse 6: Eminem] 
 Newsflash, I'm still trash 
 Them pills shoulda killed my ass 
 But they didn't; they just made me stronger 
 It's like they rebuilt my ass 
 Like the Six Million Dollar Man after the crash 
 It's Aftermath, bitch! And my milk glass is still half-empty 
 Yeah, tempt me, Hell isn't enough 
 They need to invent somewhere new to send me 
 As sick as I'm getting 
 They'll stick me in a conventional oven 
 With a rotisserie setting and won't even notice me sweating 
 Shit, I done made a verse, said some foul shit 
 Tryna go back fix it, fucked around, and just made it worse 
 Yeah, I'm back, looking no worse for wear 
 Got these haters mad enough to rip off their hair 
 And start punchin' the air 
 Panties so in a bunch that they can't function 
 It's Shady and Royce, fuck yeah! What a dysfunctional pair! 
 So stop actin' like a punk, get a pair! 
 Take a pill and fall the fuck out, spill your lunch in the chair! 
  
 [Verse 7: Mr. Porter] 
 Look, I'm sick, somebody better get the Dimetapp 
 Who I gotta shoot just to prove that I can rap? 
 People ask where my shine is at 
 I say check the liner notes, I done done all kinda crap 
 I am so much of a star, bitch 
 That I can fart and piss on the red carpet 
 Look, my bank account's retarded 
 My debit card's got a helmet and a harness 
 Hey, meet demands, but they all are harmless 
 At shows my riders always the largest 
 I need four pounds of fried poultry carcass 
 And red M&Ms chartered from Charlotte 
 Look, and if you try to act dumb and start shit 
 I just yell at 'em, like, "I'm the artist!" 
 Infected — you know the deal 
 If you wanna play sick, we can all get ill 
 Look, measles, mumps 
 I made you bitches, I don't need you chumps 
 Y'all got cheese and I need my chunks 
 Hurry up, so I can go to burn rubber 
 And get some more dunks 
  
 [Verse 8: Royce da 5'9"] 
 Now, if your attitude determines your latitude 
 This house that we call hip-hop, I'm in the attic, fool 
 A mic and two turntables, fit for the unstable 
 Converted to a padded room 
 Keep a street sweeper; in fact, I call the mag a broom 
 You seein' beef, seein' things 
 You musta had yourself a bag of shrooms 
 I make a call, make 'em fake a fall 
 My clique is too sick, say goodbye 
 In the streets where the stakes is high, like Ruth's Chris 
 I'm from the city of true shit 
 Where the mayor went to jail 
 For bein' a player right after Proof split 
 Levels the head of competitors, Royce that 
 I'm drinkin' everyday 
 'Til Hex Murda get his regular voice back 
 Ras, I got ya, look scared at ya, blast from ya 
 From a block away; ask Tricky, I'm that niggie 
 I'm more hooder than black Dickies 
 I rap like committin' suicide 
 In the booth, takin' the track with me 
 Patrón's in my chromosomes 
 In order to leave it alone, you have to ween me off 
 That Lorena Bobbitt chopper will knock a weenie off 
 Put your body between chalk 
 I'm squeezin' the 9 iron, like I'm swingin' golf 
 I'm with the best rapper alive, put somethin' on it 
 Your sound's plain as a cheeseburger with nothin' on it 
  
 [Verse 9: Eminem] 
 I'll do a hundred-yard dash just to slash Kim Kardash' 
 In the ass with a shard of glass from Nick Hogan's car crash 
 You may look like the passenger for that, don't be a smartass 
 Yeah, laugh while you sit there 
 Thinkin' that the hard part passed 
 You ain't seen pain 'til Leatherface flips, mayne 
 I'll cut your fuckin' balls off, homie, my saw's off the chain 
 I chopped the bitch in half with it, sawed off her legs 
 And the top half of the torso fuckin' crawled off insane 
 I ain't seen shit like that since I went to Mike Jack's 
 Took the Elephant Man's skull, fucked it, and put it right back 
 Handed my dick to Bubbles 
 While he sucked it and licked my nut sack 
 Gave him a reach-around 
 While I fucked him right in his butt crack 
 Nah, I ain't takin' it back, faggot, fuck that! 
 I give a fuck about nothin', so here's where you fucked up at 
 Don't go touchin' that can 
 Man, you don't wanna open up that 
 Wait a min, ah, shit… Alchemist, cut that![Intro] 
 And I’m willing to borrow your grass 
 But I specialize in eating MC's 
 In the immortal words of LL Cool J 
 As he would say: "I'm a G.O.A.T.!" 
 And for those of y'all who don't know what a G.O.A.T. is 
 It means the Greatest Of All Time 
 And I consider myself one of those 
 So thank you very much, here it goes 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 This is the part I was worried about 
 Everyone thinks that my career is down the tubes 
 And I'm in some dusty garage 
 Inhalin' them carbon monoxide fumes 
 And everyone's tellin' me what I should do 
 And how I should come out and what to rap about 
 And I know I got a lot up 
 In my medulla oblongata that I gotta get out 
 And I'm not sure how this is gonna come off 
 They're probably gonna think that I'm comin' off as cocky 
 Like I just started givin' a fuck what you really think about me 
 See, the thing about me 
 Is you don't really know a thing about me 
 Everyone's makin' a stink about me 
 Like there's some kind of an aura of that of the king around me 
 Surround me with nothin' but gangsters 
 Killers and bangers and the most dangerous criminals 
 And I feel like I'm more comfortable around them 
 Than I do my own motherfuckin' neighbors 
 But see, my dream is to be remembered as one of the best when I leave 
 But why does it seem like I'm not even put up in the same category as other MC's? 
 So when Weezy says that he's better than Jay Z 
 Please be that just subliminally 
 Means he thinks Jigga's the best 
 And that he's the only one up in that league, see 
 And it's easy just to consider me 
 One of the greatest white rappers there is 
 Knowin' goddamn well that I'm one of the best motherfuckin' rappers who ever lived, period 
  
 [Hook] 
 I'm a G.O.A.T. and I don't mean to gloat 
 But I know what I know and I know what you think 
 And these magazines'll never put it in ink 
 Because how would it look if they considered me as a G.O.A.T.? 
 And for those of y'all who don't know what a G.O.A.T. is 
 It means the Greatest Of All Time 
 And I consider myself one of those 
 So thank you very much, here it goes 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Maybe they figure that I'm on my way out the game 
 So they gotta go try to find 'em a new Eminem or a new Shady 
 If they think it's gonna happen, man, I thought I was crazy 
 Or maybe I could be takin' it wrong 
 And they're tryna pay homage to me in a strange way 
 So let me pay homage to my fellow white competitors almost in the same way 
 See, you hardly ever do hear anyone even bringin' up that Paul Wall's white 
 ‘Cause lyrically he doesn't pose a threat to anyone, see, he's just aight 
 And Bubba Sparxxx, he just won't write 
 Because he's so caught up in that snow white 
 That Timbaland can't even get him in the studio 
 He's so gone off that coke, right? 
 And it's so sad ‘cause he's dope, right? 
 America's next great white hope, right? 
 So now they feel like they gotta come up with some corny-ass White Rapper Show, right? 
 And which I'm still havin' mixed feelings about 
 They said it'd be real, I'm just spillin' it out 
 There's somethin' about a white boy talkin' black 
 And runnin' around with a damn grill in his mouth 
 And I love when the say that Tiger Woods shit 
 "Isn't it ironic that the best rapper's white 
 And the best golfer's black?" 
 And I'm the one who's gotta catch all the flack off of that 
 But these are the people who never had heard of an Eminem until 8 Mile had came out 
 But I had already hit middle America 
 Parents had all got to likin' me now 
 When suddenly I wasn't such a bad guy 
 All of the hatred for me must've died 
 Thought I committed career suicide 
 So I had to turn back into the bad guy 
 So faggoty faggoty faggoty gays 
 Anatomy God made Raggedy Ann and Andy 
 Not Raggedy Andy and Andy and Andy 
 And Angelina Jolie is just another ho 
 And Brad is a sucka, because once I fuck her 
 She wants to go to Somalia to adopt another baby 
 You know what I say? — "No." 
 You better save some of them kids from Madonna 
 She needs all the publicity she can get 
 You wanted Shady, well you got it, man, I ain't apologizin' for shit 
  
 [Hook] 
 I'm a G.O.A.T. and I don't mean to gloat 
 But I know what I know and I know what you think 
 And these magazines'll never put it in ink 
 Because how would it look 
 If they considered me as a G.O.A.T.? 
 And for those of y'all who don't know what a G.O.A.T. is 
 It means the Greatest Of All Time 
 And I consider myself one of those 
 So thank you very much, here it goes 
  
 [Outro] 
 Man, I'm takin' my ball and goin' home 
 Man, shit is too easy 
 Nobody even wants to pass me the ball 
 ‘Cause I'm a G.O.A.T. 
 So don't worry, I'm out the motherfuckin' game 
 And y'all can sit and argue about who's the motherfuckin' best 
 But y'all know that I'm a G.O.A.T. 
 And like I said, I'm one of the motherfuckin' best 
 Before you get your panties in a motherfuckin' bunch 
 But before I go, I'd like to say fuck you very much 
 To everybody who wasn't there from the start 
 And thank you very much to everybody who was 
 And y'all ain't gotta say it, just think it 
 ‘Cause I know that you know that I know 
 That you know that I know that I'm a G.O.A.T. 
 I'm out y'all, it's been real—peace![Intro] 
 Yeah 
 Yeah, girl 
 Can you hear that? It's playing our song 
 Are you sleepy? Take a nap 
 You're not afraid of the dark, are you? 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 You hear the beat as it makes ya not want to go to sleep 
 I knock on Dakota's door; it's locked, so I go to creep 
 'Round the back with binoculars, not 'cause I wanna peep 
 But because I'm hungry, she smells like tacos, I wanna eat 
 Visions of hot chocolaty marshmallows, all so sweet 
 With sugar plums; oh, look 
 Here comes Marshall, he's on your street 
 He's placing hot, smoldering charcoals beneath your feet 
 Now walk on 'em; he's dancing with carcasses cheek to cheek 
 Like a Thanksgiving turkey, a holiday ham 
 Cinnamon sprinkled on toast, strawberry marmalade jam 
 Flavor my favorite graham crackers with JonBenét Rams' 
 I guess a modern-day Jack the Ripper is all that I am 
  
 [Chorus] 
 (My music box) 
 'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep 
 (My music box) 
 But I can hear you, my love, you keep calling me 
 (My music box) 
 Although we're worlds apart, you mean the world to me 
 (My music box, my music box) 
 So once you call, I come, I will answer 
 (My music box) 
 'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep 
 (My music box) 
 I hear my music box playing a song for me 
 (My music box) 
 So won't you twirl around and do a whirl for me? 
 (My music box, my music box) 
 And would you be my private little dancer? 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I almost look comatose; who wants to be sober? Gross 
 I foam like a Doberman, mouth open, I overdose 
 Put coke up my nostrils in both my holes, then I plug my nose 
 My pupils quadruple in size, eyes are so bugged, I know 
 I put on my mother's makeup, get naked and run around 
 Wavin' the gun around, I think I'm down to a hundred pounds 
 There's thunder, I wonder how come it rains, but the sun is out? 
 The devil's upset with his wife, they must be sluggin' it out 
 I must be buggin' the fuck out, but what the fuck about? 
 Voices are leading me up to the attic, I love my house 
 They pull and they tug my blouse, the sound of a music box 
 Comes from inside a toy chest, but what do I do? It's locked 
 I pick it and open it, but it's stuffed full of human parts 
 I dig 'til I find it, I wind it up, and the tune just starts 
 It's playing a song, so beautiful, and the room is dark 
 The moon is full, I smell a funeral, guess I'll loom in the park 
  
 [Chorus] 
 (My music box) 
 'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep 
 (My music box) 
 But I can hear you, my love, you keep calling me 
 (My music box) 
 Although we're worlds apart, you mean the world to me 
 (My music box, my music box) 
 So once you call, I come, I will answer 
 (My music box) 
 'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep 
 (My music box) 
 I hear my music box playing a song for me 
 (My music box) 
 So won't you twirl around and do a whirl for me? 
 (My music box, my music box) 
 And would you be my private little dancer? 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I'm fixated on asphyxiatin' and breakin' 
 This little chick's neck like a Pixy Stick 
 The sick, Satan-worshippin' bitches get horse whippings 
 I'm in the back, through the back door slippin' 
 Through the crack, leavin' the corpse drippin' 
 The mortician of love, sent from above 
 Forced entry, the more wenchy the more stingy I become 
 Been doing this for more than a quarter-century, I'm just numb 
 Am I dreaming, is it real? Someone pinch me on the buns 
 The time has come to tie her up, gotta roll me the ladder 
 I've had enough of the chatter 
 Climb up to the window, look at her 
 Then climb in slow to shatter her brain matter and batter her 
 With a bat; a matter of fact, that will splatter her 
 But before I do that, I'll have a chat to flatter her 
 Give her two compliments back to back, like "Tabitha 
 I'm your secret admirer, I'm back to ravish ya 
 So strong is your fight, but you're no match for Dracula" 
 Prolonging her plight as I go back to stabbin' her 
 Dismember her limbs, simple as that: cadaver her 
 Zoom in with the lens, then pan back the camera 
 Stand back, 'cause here comes your man Jack, so Pamela 
  
 [Chorus] 
 (My music box) 
 'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep 
 (My music box) 
 But I can hear you, my love, you keep calling me 
 (My music box) 
 Although we're worlds apart, you mean the world to me 
 (My music box, my music box) 
 So once you call, I come, I will answer 
 (My music box) 
 'Cause when the lights are off, I see the girl's asleep 
 (My music box) 
 I hear my music box playing a song for me 
 (My music box) 
 So won't you twirl around and do a whirl for me? 
 (My music box, my music box) 
 And would you be my private little dancer?[Intro: Fatt Father] 
 I told y'all motherfuckers I was coming back (oh shit) 
 What now nigga? What now? What? Brewster Projects nigga 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots 
 All I hear is gunshots, this is where the fun stops 
 Bodies drop, hit the floor, music's off, party stops 
 Everybody hit the door, somebody's licking shots off 
  
 [Verse 1: Bizarre] 
 Security's gone, I'm trapped in the club 
 And I'm trying to run and get my motherfucking gun 
 (Nigga what about yo' wife?) Nigga fuck my wife 
 I'm trying to run and save my motherfucking life 
 Oh, shit! The shooter's coming 
 Bitches hollering, niggas running 
 People, shot all over the floor 
 And I'm trying to make it to the Saint Andrew's door 
 (Hey man) ...That's the sound of the Glock 
 Even DJ House Shoes fucked around and got shot 
 I done messed around, and forget my TEC 
 I don't see nobody, but Fatt Father and Hex 
  
 [Verse 2: Kuniva & (Eminem)] 
 (Kuniva, you alright?) These niggas is tripping 
 (Where's Bizarre at?) (I don't know, man) 
 I'm trying to slip through the exit and get to where my car is at 
 Bitches screaming everywhere and niggas is wylin' 
 Two minutes ago we was all joking and smiling 
 This chick is clinging on to me, sobbing and sighing 
 Saying she didn't mean to diss me earlier and she crying 
 But it's real and it's on and caps is getting peeled 
 So I hugged her and used her body as a human shield and 
 She got hit and now she's yelling (Don't leave me!) 
 I told her I'd be right back and the dumb bitch believed me! 
 I squeezed through the back door and made my escape 
 I ran and got my .38 I hope it's not too late! 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots 
 All I hear is gunshots, this is where the fun stops 
 Bodies drop, hit the floor, music's off, party stops 
 Everybody hit the door, somebody's licking shots off 
  
 [Verse 3: Swift & (Kon Artis)] 
 (I been trying to call you all day motherfucker where you at?) 
 I'm on 7 Mile...what the fuck was that? 
 Damn, somebody hit me from the back! 
 (What with? They car?) With a gat nigga, and my tire flat 
 And I just hit a pole, them niggas some hoes 
 (Is you hit?) I don't know, but I can tell you what they drove 
 It was a black Mitsubishi (Shit, that's the clique we beefing with) 
 Man! (I swear) And I was on my way there 
 Believe me, I'm leaving a carcass today 
 And I'ma park my car and walk the rest of the way 
 I'm in the mood to strut, my AK ain't even tucked 
 I'ma meet you at the club, we gon' fuck these hoes up! 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots 
 All I hear is gunshots, this is where the fun stops 
 Bodies drop, hit the floor, music's off, party stops 
 Everybody hit the door, somebody's licking shots off 
  
 [Verse 4: Eminem] 
 I never seen no shit like this in my life before 
 People are still camped out from the night before 
 Sleeping outside the door, waiting in line still 
 Trying to get inside the club to see D12 perform 
 The fire marshals know the venue's too small 
 People are wall to wall, three thousand and some odd 
 Fans and some cum-wad from out the parking lot 
 Gets in an argument over a parking spot 
 Decides to pull his gun and lets a few of them off 
 Missed who he's aiming for, six feet away’s the door 
 Into St. Andrew's Hall, now the strays flying all over the place 
 Grazed one bitch in the face 
 Another one of 'em came through the wall 
 Before anyone could even hear the first shot go off 
 I'm posted up at the bar, having a mazeltov 
 Bullet whizzed right by my ear, damn near shot it off 
 Thank God I'm alive, I gotta find Denaun 
 And where the fuck is Von? He usually tucks one on him 
 Wait a minute, I think I just saw Bizarre 
 Nah I guess not, what the fuck? Oh my God, it was! 
 I never saw him run so fast in my life 
 Look at him hauling ass, I think he left his wife 
 There she is, on the ground, being trampled 
 I go to grab her up by the damn hand, but I can't pull her 
 God damn, there just went another damn bullet 
 I'm hit, my vest is barely able to handle it 
 It's too thin, if I get hit again I can't do it 
 I scoop Dee, follow Bizarre's path, ran through it and 
 Made it to the front door and collapsed 
 On the steps looked up and I seen Swift 
 Shooting it out but I can't see who he's shooting it out with 
 But Denaun's right behind him, squeezing his four-fifth 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots 
 All I hear is gunshots, this is where the fun stops 
 Bodies drop, hit the floor, music's off, party stops 
 Everybody hit the door, somebody's licking shots off 
  
 [Verse 5: Kon Artis] 
 Yo, it's Friday night, came to this bitch right 
 Big ass on my left, hand Desert Eagle in my right 
 I ain't come in this bitch to party, I came in this bitch to fight 
 Although I can't stay here to fight 'cause I'm popping niggas tonight 
 That's right bitches I'm drunk with revenge 
 Shot a bouncer in the neck for trying to check when I get in 
 Swift told me to meet him here, so it's clear that the schmuck 
 That shot out the back of his truck is up in this motherfucker 
 So one shot for the money, two is to stop the show 
 The third's for the bartender (bitch bring me a bottle of Mo') 
 I just wanna know who driving the black Mitsubishi? 
 He tried to run, so Proof shot him in the knee with a three-piece 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots 
 All I hear is gunshots, this is where the fun stops 
 Bodies drop, hit the floor, music's off, party stops 
 Everybody hit the door, somebody's licking shots off[Intro] 
 Lord, please forgive me for what I do 
 For I know not what I've done 
  
 [Hook] 
 Father, please forgive me for I know not what I do 
 I just never had the chance to ever meet you 
 Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be 
 My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Momma had a baby and its head popped off 
 Head popped off, head popped off, head popped off, head popped off, head popped off 
 But Momma don't want me, the next thing I know, I'm gettin' dropped off 
 Gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off 
 Ring-ring-ring on the doorbell of the next door neighbors, on their front porch 
 Their front porch, their front porch, their front porch, their front porch 
 But they didn't want me neither, so they left me on someone else's lawn 
 Else's lawn, else's lawn, else's lawn 
 'Til somebody finally took me in, my great aunt and uncle, Edna and Charles 
 Edna and Charles, Edna and Charles, Edna and Charles, Edna and Charles, they were the ones who were left in charge 
 My elementary, they'd gang up on me and sing this song 
 Sing this song, sing this song, sing this song, sing this song 
 It went a little something like 
 "Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb 
 Debbie had a Satan spawn, Satan spawn" 
 Momma why do they keep sayin' this? I just don't understand, understand 
 And by the way, where's my dad? 
  
 [Hook] 
 Father, please forgive me for I know not what I do 
 I just never had the chance to ever meet you 
 Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be 
 My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Predominantly, predominantly, everything's always predominantly 
 Predominantly-white, predominantly black. well, what about me? 
 Where does that leave me? Well, I guess that I'm between predominantly both of 'em 
 I think if I hear that fuckin' word again, I'ma scream 
 While I'm projectile vomitin'; what do I look like, a comedian to you? 
 Do you think that I'm kiddin'? What do I look like, some kinda idi... 
 Wait a minute, shit, don't answer that; why am I so misunderstood? 
 Why do I go through so much bullshit? It's such bullshit, it's tush mull bish 
 "Woe is me, there goes poor Marshall again whinin' about his millions 
 And his mansion and his sorrow he's always drownin' in 
 And the dad that he never had, and how his childhood was so bad 
 And how his mom was a dope addict, and his ex-wife, how they go at it 
 Man, I'd hate to have it as bad as that Mr. Mathers claims he had it 
 I can't imagine it. That little rich, poor, white bastard 
 Needs to take some of that cash out of the bank and take a bath in it 
 Man, if I only had half of it" 
 Shit, if you only knew the half of it... 
 Haha 
  
 [Hook] 
 Father, please forgive me for I know not what I do 
 I just never had the chance to ever meet you 
 Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be 
 My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Evil deeds, while I plant these evil seeds 
 Please release me from these demons 
 I never had any of this shit planned, Mom, please believe 
 I don't wanna be Satan's spawn 
 Never got the chance to say I'm sorry 
 Now look at all the pain I caused 
 Dear Santa Claus, why are you not comin' this year again? 
 What did I do that was so bad to deserve this? 
 Everything could have been so perfect 
 But life ain't a fairytale. I'm about to be hoisted up in the air 
 Forty feet below me there's people everywhere 
 I don't even know but who feel like they know me 'cause I'm in this ferris wheel 
 And all I wanna do is go to the mall and take Hailie on the carousel 
 Without this crowd everywhere I go, but life is like a merry-go-round 
 Here we go now, do-si-do now, curtains up, the show must go now 
 Ring-around-the-rosie, the show's over, you can all go home now 
 But the curtain just don't close for me, this ain't how fame was supposed to be 
 Where's the switch I could just turn off-and-on? This ain't what I chose to be 
 So please, God, give me the strength to have what it takes to carry on 
 'Til I pass 50 back the baton, the camera's on, my soul is gone 
  
 [Hook] 
 Father, please forgive me for I know not what I do 
 I just never had the chance to ever meet you 
 Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be 
 My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds 
 I said, Father, please forgive me for I know not what I do 
 I just never had the chance to ever meet you 
 Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be 
 My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds 
 (Evil deeds, evil deeds, evil deeds) 
  
 [Outro] 
 [Gunshot] 
 [Crowd cheering] 
 Oh! 
 Last one, baby, let's go 
 Last one, baby, let's go 
 Detroit![Verse: Alice and the Glass Lake] 
 I've drowned in high from the ashes 
 Now I can't recall your laughter 
 The smoke of everything go grasp 
 At ends of what's left over 
 And the lights in every broken 
 Blown-out window screaming, laughing 
 I hope to feel it coursing out 
 This is our revival[Intro] 
 All aboard! 
 Okay, next stop, my basement (Ha-ha) 
 I'll meet you down there! 
  
 [Chorus] 
 There once was a saying that I used to say 
 Back in the day, when I met Dre 
 I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend Proof 
 That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof 
 He'd say, "What if you went platinum?", I'd just laugh at him 
 "That's not happening, that I can't fathom" 
 Eighty-some million records worldwide later 
 I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Haters getting mad, they done had enough of Shady 
 You slay me, nothing you say matters enough to touché me 
 Rappers try to play me, they use Hailie as a ukulele 
 Whoopsa-that-a-fucking-daisy 
 That’s a no-no, even she knows Da-Da's fucking crazy 
 Fucking animal, cuckoo, bananas, fucking-A, B 
 Maybe it's because I never had a mother raise me 
 Fuck around and throw a baby at another baby 
 You may think it's 'cause of the way that I was brought up 
 But it's all caught up to me now, karma's in the waters 
 Every line I ever said has got me in a corner 
 You might think it doesn't creep upon ya, but it all does 
 You wouldn't listen, man, I tried to warn ya when you started 
 Now your brain's all haunted 'cause of all the shit you thought of 
 Chainsaw slaughters, turn your daughters into sawdust 
 I never thought it'd come to this, I oughta just be honest, but 
  
 [Chorus] 
 There once was a saying that I used to say 
 Back in the day, when I met Dre 
 I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend Proof 
 That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof 
 He'd say, "What if you went platinum?", I'd just laugh at him 
 "That's not happening, that I can't fathom" 
 Eighty-some million records worldwide later 
 I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 "Sorry Lance, Mr. Lambert and Aiken ain't gonna make it 
 They get so mad when I call them both faggots" 
 All these fucking voices in my head, I can't take it 
 Someone shut that fucking baby up 'fore I shake it 
 You're standing adjacent to Jason, slash, Leatherface, and 
 Together makes 'em a fucking bad combination 
 I lashed at the doctor in my last operation 
 Shoved the Wiener Schnitzel up his ass, hopped away, some- 
 -body please stop the patient, get the cops to mace him 
 Homie, I'm the Scheiße, ask Doctor Dreson 
 I can't leave the game, I just can't walk away, son 
 No, not a-now, not a chance, not today, son 
 I can't believe I leave for one brief second 
 And you pussies queef all over the rap game, naked 
 And use a leaf to wipe up the crap stain, feck it 
 I'll just keep saying the same exact saying, check it 
  
 [Chorus] 
 There once was a saying that I used to say 
 Back in the day, when I met Dre 
 I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend Proof 
 That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof 
 He'd say, "What if you went platinum?", I'd just laugh at him 
 "That's not happening, that I can't fathom" 
 Eighty-some million records worldwide later 
 I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Elevator in my house, hah, smell ya later 
 I blew the fuck up, a hamster in the microwave, I'm 
 Thinking 'bout an escalator now, steps, I hate 'em 
 Told the neighbors step away, then I just pepper-sprayed 'em 
 Yeah, for every time you ride down the street 
 Or hide out, drive by my house and beep 
 Like, now motherfucker, try now to sleep 
 Lie down fucker (bah), try counting sheep 
 And you're tryna find out why now there's beef 
 Mace in your face, bitch, cry now, pussy 
 This is my house, all nine thousand feet 
 So you can suck my dick with Amy Winehouse's teeth 
 Then I shove 'em in the elevator, take 'em to the top 
 Stand above 'em just to cut the fucking cable, let 'em drop 
 Walk an hour to the damn refrigerator, get a pop 
 While I let 'em fall all the way to the basement, yelling "Stop!" 
  
 [Chorus] 
 There once was a saying that I used to say 
 Back in the day, when I met Dre 
 I used to sit and goof on the phone with my friend Proof 
 That if I went gold, I'd go right through the roof 
 He'd say, "What if you went platinum?", I'd just laugh at him 
 "That's not happening, that I can't fathom" 
 Eighty-some million records worldwide later 
 I'm living in a house with a fucking elevator 
  
 [Outro] 
 You fucking son of a bitch, I can't believe this shit 
 This must be all that there is, this must be it 
 Fucking-A, even got a bidet 
 To wash my ass after I shit with gold toilet paper 
 Dishwasher's so big, when I'm pissed off, I can just toss a 
 Flying saucer in it, the shit's awesome 
 Yeah, fucking elevator, living in a house with a fucking elevator[Intro: Obie Trice] 
 You don't see me in the hood 
 That's 'cause I'm doin' this, man 
  
 [Verse 1: Obie Trice] 
 Niggas, I'm still grindin' (yeah), I still hearin' those sirens 
 I'm still gettin' chased by those lights 
 Only the light's lime, and my mic's on 
 And my time is none, because I'm writin' more 
 And I ain't here to meet a soul in this business 
 I’m here to eat, speak, until these hoes feel this (for sure) 
 And I can’t let y'all derail me, man 
 I got Young Kobie, homie, you gotta let go of Obie 
 'Cause Obie be back, (going nowhere, man) we got them craps goin' on 
 And that 'ac goin' on, soon as a nigga touch down, back from tourin' 
 It's whatever, put that on the cheddar, man 
 But in the meantime, it's Jimmy Iovine time 
 Chase cheese, rhyme 'til my voice give out 
 This is it my niggas, this what we boast about 
 Now I'm here, so shut your motherfuckin' mouth, and show me love, bitch 
  
 [Hook] 
 I just wanna love ya 
 For the rest of my life (I don't love you, bitch) 
 I wanna hold you in the mornin' 
 Hold you through the night 
 I just wanna love ya 
 For the rest of my life 
 I wanna hold you in the mornin' 
 Hold you through the night 
  
 [Interlude: Obie Trice] 
 (I don't love you, bitch) 
 Right we wanna love alcohol 
 We wanna love guns, we wanna love money 
 We don't love no bitches, though 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 There's a certain mystique when I speak, that you notice 
 That's sorta unique 'cause you know it's me 
 My poetry's deep, and I'm Stillmatic, the way I flow to this beat 
 You can't sit still, it's like tryna smoke crack and go to sleep 
 I'm strapped, it's known any minute I could snap 
 I'm the equivalent of what would happen if Bush rapped 
 I bully these rappers so bad lyrically 
 It ain't even funny, I ain't even hungry, it ain't even money 
 You can't pay me enough for you to play me 
 It's cockamanie, you just ain't zany enough to rock with Shady 
 My noodle is cock-a-doodle, my clock's cuckoo 
 I got screws loose, yea the whole kit and caboodle, I'm just brutal 
 It's no rumor, I'm numero uno, assume it 
 There's no humor in it no more, you know 
 I'm rollin' with a swollen bowlin' ball in my bag 
 You need a fag to come and tear a new hole in my ass, you better love me, bitch 
  
 [Hook w. (Obie Trice adlibs)] 
 I just wanna love ya 
 For the rest of my life 
 I wanna hold you in the mornin' 
 Hold you through the night (and all the bitches say) 
 I just wanna love ya 
 For the rest of my life 
 I wanna hold you in the mornin' 
 Hold you through the night 
  
 [Verse 3: 50 Cent] 
 My buzz is crazy in the hood, they holla my name 
 If it ain't about the flow, it's 'bout the stones and the chain 
 If I was you, I'd love me too, I roll like a boss 
 911 Porsche same color as cranberry sauce 
 I ain't gon' front, I thought R. Kelly was the shit 
 Let me find out he fuckin' 'round with Bow Wow bitch 
 Niggas eatin' popcorn right, rewindin' the tape 
 Now shorty mama in precinct, hollerin' rape 
 I'm convinced, man, somethin' really wrong with these ho's 
 I thought Lil' Kim was hot, 'til she start fuckin' with her nose 
 I used to listen to Lauryn Hill, and tap my feet 
 Then the bitch put out a CD and didn't have no beats 
 That boy D'Angelo, he determined not to fail 
 That nigga went butt-ass, for his record to sell 
 My back shots'll help Ashanti hit them high notes 
 And Big been taught Charli B'More to deep-throat (Yeah) 
  
 [Hook] 
 I just wanna love ya 
 For the rest of my life 
 I wanna hold you in the mornin' 
 Hold you through the night (and all the bitches say) 
 I just wanna love ya 
 For the rest of my life 
 I wanna hold you in the mornin' 
 Hold you through the night 
  
 [Collision: 50 Cent] 
 I love the burners 
 The money, the bunnies, I just wanna hold ya 
 I just wanna love ya[Hook: Eminem] 
 Now, I don't really care what you call me 
 You can even call me cold 
 These bitches knew as soon as they saw me 
 It's never me they'll get the privilege to know 
 I roll like a desperado 
 Now I never know where I'm gonna go 
 Still I ball like there's no tomorrow 
 Until it's over and that's all she wrote 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 You're starin' straight into a barrel of hate, terrible fate 
 Not even a slim chance to make a narrow escape 
 Cupid shot his arrow and missed – wait, Sarah, you're late 
 Your train left, mascara and eggs smeared on your face 
 Night's over, goodbye, ho, I thought that I told ya 
 That spilled nut ain't nothin' to cry over 
 Never shoulda came within range of my Rover 
 Shoulda known I was trouble soon as I rolled up 
 Any chick who's dumb enough after I blindfold her 
 To still come back to the crib must want me to mess with her mind 
 Hold up, she mistook me for some high roller 
 Well, I won't buy her soda unless it's Rock & Rye Cola 
 (Faygo's cheaper) Buy you a bag of Fritos? 
 I wouldn't let you eat the fuckin' chip on my shoulder 
 If you was bleach and I was hair I wouldn't die for ya 
 Tryin' to pull five bucks from me is like tryin' to pull five molars 
 You'll get your eyes swoll up 
 I'm on my straight grizzly, so why would I buy you a gay-ass teddy bear? Bitch, you're already bi-polar 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 Now, I don't really care what you call me 
 You can even call me cold 
 These bitches knew as soon as they saw me 
 It's never me they'll get the privilege to know 
 I roll like a desperado 
 Now I never know where I'm gonna go 
 Still I ball like there's no tomorrow 
 Until it's over and that's all she wrote 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 TIP told me on this ho tip, best tip I could give you to hip you 
 Is never to let these tricks trick you 
 Mighty ambiguous of you to think I love you slut, shit 
 Dig you, ho? Take a shovel and dig you some dignity, bitch! 
 Shit, you talk about some advice that sticks with you 
 If I should listen to anyone, tell me to stick to my guns 
 Like double stick, it's you, but fuck ‘em, TIP, it's cool 
 I'm chillin' like a villain 
 Like the penguin in its fuckin' igloo eating fudgesicles 
 I’d rather slip and fall in shit than fall in love with you 
 Before I tie the fuckin' knot I’d tie you in one, bitch 
 You think this is some Nintendo game, how fuckin' dumb is you? 
 I’ll give you some lumps before I split some lump sums with you 
 So here’s a penny for your thoughts 
 But it won’t buy you a cheeseburger 
 But a nickel might just get you one pickle 
 Fuck it, it's official, so blow the whistle, I got a trust issue 
 There's a bombshell: Scud missile 
 Like I just cuss at you to fuckin' cuss at you 
 Like before I rapped I was a motherfuckin' stud, slut, this'll 
 Teach you not to come drunk stumbling my way, for shizzle 
 I still live like I budget a Gilbert's Lodge check stub, bizzle 
 So fuck Sizzler! These checkers are bust like a blood blister 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 Now, I don't really care what you call me 
 You can even call me cold 
 These bitches knew as soon as they saw me 
 It's never me they'll get the privilege to know 
 I roll like a desperado 
 Now I never know where I'm gonna go 
 Still I ball like there's no tomorrow 
 Until it's over and that's all she wrote 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Yeah, I guess life is a bitch – ain’t it, TIP? 
 And each one thinks they the shit 
 Shirt off my back? I wouldn't give you the dirt off my handkerchief 
 I’m givin' these hoes a dose of their own medicine 
 Let 'em get a good taste of it 
 I’m sure you got that relationship memo by now 
 But in case you didn't, I’ll stick this whole pad full of sticky notes to your forehead and staple it 
 Life is too short and I got no time to sit around just wastin' it 
 So I pace this shit a little bit quicker; that clock, I'm racin' it 
 Double timin' it, but I still spit triple the amount of insults 
 In a tenth of the time that it may take you pricks 
 To catch on; while you strong arm like Stretch Armstrong 
 Man, I still say K-mart's like there's an apostrophe "S" on it, dog 
 And they say McDonalds isn’t a restaurant, well, I guess I’m wrong 
 But if you gonna tell me that A&W ain't the spot 
 For the best hot dogs, you can get the F on, dawg 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 Now, I don't really care what you call me 
 You can even call me cold 
 These bitches knew as soon as they saw me 
 It's never me they'll get the privilege to know 
 I roll like a desperado 
 Now I never know where I'm gonna go 
 Still I ball like there's no tomorrow 
 Until it's over and that's all she wrote 
  
 [Outro: T.I.] 
 All she wrote, all she wrote 
 I said it's over and that's all she wrote 
 All she wrote, all she wrote 
 Yeah, goodnight, it’s over 
 And that's all she wrote[Chorus] 
 I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl 
 I never meant to bring you to my world 
 But now you're sittin' in the corner, crying 
 And now it's my fault, my fault 
 I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl 
 I never meant to bring you to my world 
 But now you're sittin' in the corner, crying 
 And now it's my fault, my fault 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave 
 And met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved 
 A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up 
 With first aid tape and raped on the first date (Ooh) 
 Susan, an ex-heroin addict who just stopped usin' 
 Who love booze and alternative music (What up?) 
 Told me she was going back into usin' again (Nah) 
 I said, "Wait, first try this hallucinogen 
 It's better than heroin, Henn, the booze and the gin 
 C'mere, let's go in here, who's in the den?" 
 "It's me and Kelly!" 
 "My bad" (Sorry) 
 "Let's try another room" 
 "I don't trust you" 
 "Shut up, slut, chew up this mushroom 
 This'll help you get in touch with your roots 
 We'll get barefoot, butt-naked, and run in the woods" 
 "Oh hell, I might as well try 'em, this party is so drab" 
 "Oh dag" (Mmm) 
 "I ain't mean for you to eat the whole bag" 
 "Huh?" 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl 
 I never meant to bring you to my world 
 But now you're sittin' in the corner, crying 
 And now it's my fault, my fault (I'm sorry) 
 I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl 
 I never meant to bring you to my world 
 But now you're sittin' in the corner, crying 
 And now it's my fault, my fault 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 "Yo, Sue" 
 "Get away from me, I don't know you" 
 "Oh shoot, she's trippin'" 
 "I need to go puke" (Blehh) 
 "I wasn't tryna turn this into somethin' major 
 I just wanted to make you appreciate nature 
 Susan, stop crying, I don't hate ya 
 The world's not against you, I'm sorry your father raped ya 
 So what you had your little coochie in your dad's mouth? 
 That ain't no reason to start wiggin' and spaz out (Nah)" 
 She said, "Help me, I think I'm havin' a seizure" 
 I said, "I'm high too, bitch, quit grabbin' my T-shirt (Let go) 
 Would you calm down? You're startin' to scare me" 
 She said, "I'm 26 years old and I'm not married 
 I don't even have any kids and I can't cook" 
 "(Hello) I'm over here, Sue (Hi) 
 You're talking to the plant, look 
 We need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late 
 'Cause I never seen no one eat as many 'shrooms as you ate" 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl (Whoops) 
 I never meant to bring you to my world 
 But now you're sittin' in the corner, crying 
 And now it's my fault, my fault (It's an accident) 
 I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl 
 I never meant to bring you to my world 
 But now you're sittin' in the corner, crying 
 And now it's my fault, my fault 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 "Susan, wait, where you goin'? You better be careful" 
 "Leave me alone, dad, I'm sick of gettin' my hair pulled" 
 "I'm not your dad, quit trying to swallow your tongue 
 Want some gum? Put down the scissors 
 'Fore you do something dumb 
 I'll be right back, just chill, baby, please? 
 I gotta go find Dave, he's the one who gave me these 
 (I'ma kill him) 
 John, where's Dave at? Before I bash you" 
 "He's in the bathroom, I think he's takin' a crap, dude" 
 "Dave, pull up your pants, we need an ambulance 
 There's a girl upstairs talking to plants, choppin' her hair off 
 And there's only two days left of Spring Break 
 How long do these things take to wear off?" 
 "Well, it depends on how many you had" 
 "I took three, she ate the other 22 caps 
 Now she's upstairs cryin' out her eyeballs, drinking Lysol" 
 "She's gonna die, dude" 
 "I know and it's my fault" 
 "Oh my God" 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl 
 I never meant to bring you to my world (I'm sorry) 
 But now you're sittin' in the corner, crying 
 And now it's my fault, my fault (What do I do?) 
 I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl 
 I never meant to bring you to my world 
 But now you're sittin' in the corner, crying 
 And now it's my fault, my fault 
  
 [Outro] 
 My God, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry 
 Susan, please wake up, please 
 Please wake up, what are you doing?! 
 You're not dead, you're not dead 
 I know you're not dead 
 Wake up, Susan, wake up 
 Oh my God[Intro] 
 There's an intruder in my house 
 He cut my phone line: can't dial out 
 I scream for police, but I doubt 
 They're gonna hear me when I shout 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 A couple of cocktails'll send me to jail 
 There's a couple of cops hot on my trail 
 But this time, when I get pulled over 
 There's a Doberman Pinscher and a Pit Bull in the seat 
 These pigs'll get bit foolin' with me, quit foolin' with me 
 Bitch, you're gonna see, no pistol in the seat 
 Why it always gotta be an issue when you're me? 
 And which you're gonna see 
 In the long run, I'ma be the wrong one 
 You wanna harass with this limo-tinted glass 
 Flashin' that flashlight on my ass — where was you at 
 Last night when them assholes ran up on my grass? 
 Rapper slash actor, kiss the crack of my cracker slash ass 
 They took away my right to bear arms 
 What I'm 'posed to fight with, bare palms? 
 Yeah, right! They comin' with bombs 
 I'm comin' with flare guns; we as Americans 
  
 [Hook] 
 We as Americans, us as a citizen 
 Gotta protect ourselves, look at how shit has been 
 We better check ourselves 
 Livin' up in these streets 
 Through worse and through better health 
 Survivin' by any means 
 We as Americans, us as a citizen 
 We are samaritans, what do we get us in? 
 We better check ourselves 
 Look at how shit has been 
 Take a look where you live 
 This is America, and we are Americans 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I make beaucoup bucks, wearin' beaucoup vests 
 Drama hangin' over my head like a voodoo hex 
 I coulda been next to fly over the cuckoo's nest 
 With you-know-who, with an S tatooed to my chest 
 But I've finessed it, now I've got the industry pissy 
 Ever since me and Dre split it fifty-fifty on 50 
 It's funny, we got a buzz spreadin' quicker 
 Than makin' paper airplanes out of a twenty 
 Fuck money! I don't rap for dead presidents 
 I'd rather see the President [dead] 
 It's never been said, but I set precedents 
 And the standards and they can't stand it 
 My name shoulda been bastard 
 The shit shoulda been plastered 
 On my forehead with a stamp, I shoulda been blasted 
 I shoulda been had a cap put in my ass 
 But I'm too swift and fast for that, I'm past it 
 I'm too old to go and cruise Gratiot — fuck that shit! 
 I done seen how fast this rap shit 
 Can turn into some pap-pap shit, that quick, snap click 
 But this time, they got the fucking automatic 
 Ain't no one gon' test this man — clack-click! 
  
 [Hook] 
 We as Americans, us as a citizen 
 Gotta protect ourselves, look at how shit has been 
 We better check ourselves 
 Livin' up in these streets 
 Through worse and through better health 
 Survivin' by any means 
 We as Americans, us as a citizen 
 We are samaritans, what do we get us in? 
 We better check ourselves 
 Look at how shit has been 
 Take a look where you live 
 This is America, and we are Americans 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Sshhhhh I got a secret, if you can keep it between us 
 I tuck two nina's under my jeans either side of my penis 
 Under my long johns, under my Sean Johns 
 One run-in with the long arm of the law I'm long gone 
 I'ma do five years — no less than that, no questions asked 
 So it might be a good idea that I stop right here 
 And quit while I'm ahead, already in the red 
 Already got a steady infrared meant for my head 
 A target on my back, bigger problems than that 
 Bin Laden on my ass, he probably gon' send a task 
 I ain't gon' even ask, they ain't gon' let me pack 
 They ain't gon' give me my semi, but I got my weed back 
  
 [Hook] 
 We as Americans, us as a citizen 
 Gotta protect ourselves, look at how shit has been 
 We better check ourselves 
 Livin' up in these streets 
 Through worse and through better health 
 Survivin' by any means 
 We as Americans, us as a citizen 
 We are samaritans, what do we get us in? 
 We better check ourselves 
 Look at how shit has been 
 Take a look where you live 
 This is America, and we are Americans[Intro: Eminem] 
 Makaveli rest in peace 
 Irv Gotti, too much Bacardi in his body 
 Mouth like a 12-gauge shotty (Feel me!) (Come get me) 
 And Ja said he shall be (Motherfuckers if you want Shady) 
 The lost forgotten seed of 2Pac (If Pac was still here now) 
 To lead this industry into the ways of the man (He would never ride with Ja) 
 Follow me! (Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na) 
 Keep my mesh vest as Pac's vest 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 Come get me 
 If you motherfuckers want Shady 
 If Pac was still here now 
 He would never ride with Ja 
 Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 You ain't no killa, you a pussy 
 That Ecstasy done got you all emotional and mushy 
 Bitches wearin' rags in photos, Ja's words bein' quoted 
 In The Source, stealin' Pac's shit like he just wrote it 
 You loud mouths pray to God, hopin' no one's listenin' 
 See 50 comin' for me, oh my god ma—my position 
 No one'll pay attention to me 
 Please Gotti, here I go, give me this pill 
 Ecstasy done got me feelin' so invincible 
 And now all of a sudden I'm a fuckin' madman who screams 
 Like I'm Pac, but I'm not, enemies, Hennessey 
 Actin' like I'm great, but I'm fake, I'm crazy 
 Sweat drip, get me off this trip, someone stop this train 
 Some say my brain is all corrupted, fucked from this shit 
 I'm stuck, I'm addicted to these drugs, I'ma quit 
 Sayin' motherfuckers names before somebody fucks me up 
 Ain't no pussies over here, partner, see you in hell, fucker 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 Come get me 
 Motherfucker if you want Shady 
 If Pac was still here now 
 He would never ride with Ja 
 Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na 
  
 [Hook 2: Eminem] 
 Get off that E 
 Before you try to come and fuck with me 
 It's Aftermath here now 
 Shady Records got it locked 
 La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-locked 
  
 [Verse 2: 50 Cent] 
 Penitentiaries is packed with promise makers 
 Never realized the precious time that bitch niggas is wastin' 
 Institutionalized, my bitches bring me product by the bundles 
 Hustle hard from a cell, G-Unit motherfucker, we ballin' 
 Catch me countin' cheese and when I'm callin', can you accept my call 
 CEO let me sip on Hennessey, can I sip some more 
 Hell, I done been to jail, I ain't scared 
 Mama checkin' in my bedroom, I ain't there 
 I got a head with no screws in it 
 Motherfuckers thinkin' they can stop 50, they losin' it 
 Lil' nigga named Ja think he live like me 
 Talkin' 'bout he left the hospital, took 9 like me 
 You live in fantasies nigga, I reject your deposit 
 When your lil' sweet ass gon' come out of the closet? 
 Now he wonderin' why DMX blowed him out 
 Next time grown folks talkin' bitch, close your mouth 
 Peep me, I take this war shit deeply 
 Done seen too many real niggas ball to let these bitch niggas beat me 
 Black, you's a motherfuckin' punk and you can see me with gloves 
 Quit scarin' them fuckin' kids with your ugly ass mug (Ha-ha-ha) 
 And you can tell them niggas you roll with whatever you want 
 But you and I know what's goin' on 
 Nigga payback, Tah, I know your bitch ass from way back 
 Witnessed me strapped with Macs, you know I don’t play that 
 All these old rappers tryin' to advance 
 It's all over now, take it like a man (Ha-ha) 
 Irv lookin' like Larry Holmes, flabby and sick 
 Tryna play hate on my shit, man, eat a fat dick 
 Lovin' this shit that's how you made me 
 Feelin' like I got you niggas crazy (Huh-uh) 
 Against all odds, hopin' my thug motherfuckers know 
 This be the realest shit I ever wrote 
 Against all odds, up in the studio gettin' blow 
 To the truest shit I ever spoke 
 21 gun salute 
  
 [Verse 3: Busta Rhymes] 
 I've been one of the most humble, rep the streets to the core 
 Hey Jeffrey, what the fuck you come involvin' me for 
 It's been a long time comin', like a bless and a check 
 You see 106 and Park fans don't even fuckin' respect you 
 It's kinda funny, wannabe Pac, wanna fake like you thug 
 Runnin' around talkin' shit that he ain't capable of 
 Now let me off this cocksucker whilst we handle you, nigga 
 If I recall, Violator use to manage you, nigga 
 Then took a closer look and realized you was an imposter 
 There's never been a Violator on a Murda Inc. roster 
 Dumb ass, now who's shootin'? Ah made you look 
 You said Bus singin' the same old hook, you stupid 
 If y'all shootin', I take a look at your man 
 The bitch shot himself in front of Def Jam 
 Cheddar Bob ass nigga start adjustin' your plan 
 You let the streets down nigga, 'pologize to your fans 
 Watch you pull a little stunt like we ain't know what it was 
 Little faggot desperate tryin' to re-establish a buzz 
 I know the shit is drivin' you crazy, you wonderin' how 
 The streets ain't never want you Beatrice, what you gonna do now? 
 Now if you wanna beef with me, then I'm beefin' with you 
 I think about the game and what it's like and what would it be without you 
 I'm finished, I ain't tryin' to repeat this 
 Just cause I'm cool, you shouldn't take my kindness for weakness 
  
 [Outro: Busta Rhymes] 
 Oh shit, it was fun 
 Next time you got a problem with me 
 Address me before you try to make shit a public issue, homie 
 Now I'ma return back to my regular self 
 And have fun again 
 One 
  
 [50 Cent] 
 Hahaha, BITCH! Haha 
 OUTLAWZ, haha 
 Makaveli the don, haha 
 Since you want to be 2Pac, motherfucker, hahaha 
 2Pac shoes too big for you to walk in you lil' faggot, hahaha 
  
 (What do we have here now?)[Intro] 
 Yo, if you could just, for one minute 
 Or one split second in time, forget everything 
 Everything that bothers you 
 All your problems, everything, and follow me 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 If I was froze inside of a moment 
 If I could capture time inside a capsule, an hourglass full 
 Of sand in the palm of my hand, it passes through it 
 If I can grasp it and just control what happens to it 
 Then I can trap it, so no more time elapses through it 
 If raps could do it, maybe I could tap into it 
 Then I could try to channel it through Cadillacs and Buicks 
 To transmit through 'em, to make you put your ass into it 
 And that's when you hit the roof because you can't sit through it 
 Your passions too much for you to not be dancin' to it 
 And as you do it, your movements become fast and fluent 
 You're mashin' to it, moshin' 'til you're black and bluish 
 You're actin' foolish, this music it has influenced 
 You to be rowdy but in an orderly fashion, true it's 
 Chaotic but it's got your body movin' as a unit 
 Unitin' together tonight, so make it last and you better just— 
  
 [Hook] 
 Lose yourself in this music, this moment 
 We own it, we won't never let it go (go) 
 You better move yourself 'cause tomorrow's ass can wait 
 There is no time to sit there and procrastinate (you better) 
 Lose yourself in this music, this moment 
 We own it, we won't never let it go (Go) 
 You better move yourself 'cause tomorrow's ass can wait 
 There is no time to sit there and procrastinate 
 You better— 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 'Cause when we descend together, we begin to move as one 
 In perfect unison just like the moon and sun 
 Illuminate the room and humans soon become aluminum 
 Rhythmically in sync, if you'll excuse the pun 
 But if you could lose it once, I mean if you could let shit go 
 Relax, take a breath, and just let it exit slow 
 To rest your soul, you could leave the rest to me 
 If I could give the world a hit of ecstasy 
 To make 'em feel the feelin' that I'm feelin' right this minute 
 'Cause I feel like the night won't end 'til I get finished 
 So close the shades, makin' sure no light gets in it 
 The sky's the limit tonight because the night's infinite 
 A high percentage of black people and white mixed in it 
 But no one really gives a fuck 'cause they just like what's spinnin' 
 His life was spinnin', the whole entire night just spinnin' 
 Like life's beginning 
 So come out from inside your skin and quit hidin' in it 
  
 [Hook] 
 Lose yourself in this music, this moment 
 We own it, we won't never let it go (go) 
 You better move yourself 'cause tomorrow's ass can wait 
 There is no time to sit there and procrastinate (you better) 
 Lose yourself in this music, this moment 
 We own it, we won't never let it go (Go) 
 You better move yourself 'cause tomorrow's ass can wait 
 There is no time to sit there and procrastinate 
 You better—[Intro: Eminem & Royce Da 5'9"] 
 "I’ve always looked at battle rap as competition or war, and the main objective is to destroy, completely fuckin' obliterate your opponent by saying anything and everything, whatever the fuck you can, to get a reaction from the crowd. So nothing's off limits." 
 I need you to spit that lyrical miracle… in the swimming pool 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Before this kicks off, let me set my balls in this tees 
 ’Cause I'm dottin' i's every time I cross one of these 
 There's not a redeeming quality at all in me 
 It's impossible, seems like an implausible dream 
 Positive clean thoughts intervene 
 But they're all either altered and mean 
 Assault and demean, tossed and they're being lost in the scheme 
 Squashed in between a brainwashing machine 
 Like an Islamic regime, a jihadist extreme radical 
 Suicide bomber that’s seeing 
 Ariana Grande sing her last song of the evening 
 And as the audience from the damn concert is leaving 
 Detonates the device strapped to his abdominal region 
 I’m not gonna finish that, for obvious reasons 
 But bring your dogs, I'ma muzzle ’em 
 I'm not Middle Eastern but I'll make a bitch rock a hijab 
 And at least a extra large in a T-shirt 
 Headscarf and a piece of tarp underneath the carpet, hasta la vista 
 I go Hamas on the beats to a paradox on the beach 
 And a pair of crotchless underwear on a terrorist watch list 
 Gettin' head in the sand like an embarrassed ostrich 
 Professional shit sprayer 
 Bitch watch who you talkin’ to, like Apple wristwear 
 Endangered species in this ABC shit a bit scarce 
 Prey's decreasing, I face extinction like disc players 
 Told this chick she's hot as Jada Pinkett 
 And just stared 'til I made her think it 
 Said, "Maybe we should just get married." 
 She's facing me, I placed my feet with my hips square 
 Tell her, "Turn around," spread her legs for me, then I hit bare 
 Leave her stretched out like a baby T-shirt on Ric Flair 
 As I rip, tear, anal beads in a split rear 
 Spray Febreze in the chick's hair 
 Make her wheeze tryna get air 
 I played for keeps, there's no escaping me, I have a bitch scared 
 And chained to me, and throw away the key 
 And she'll be so afraid to leave 
 That even if she ends up breaking free she'll just sit there 
 Tryin' to scrape up enough courage and strength to get up 
 It's impossible like rapin' a slut 
 We stay butt-naked and fuck 
 You're close, wait for you, what? 
 My idea, you comin' too, is waking you up 
 With smelling salts after I Quaalude your cup 
 That'll straighten you up if you try to stray like a pup 
 Hate to get bogged down in details 
 But bitch, I'm like the dog pound with females 
 My brain is corrupt, real life, Hillside Strangler 
 I strangle a skank's neck 'til it's triangular 
 Shape but it's upside down, and my mouth ain't gonna shut 
 And mention me in your raps if it makes you a buck 
 Or helps you rake in the ducats, I want payment in pub 
 'Cause I ain't tryna get in your bars like I'm waiting the club 
 But if you put me in your lines, I'm takin' a cut 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Get a million writers inside of a room combined in it 
 Try to get every idea of every possible line to spit 
 Every punchline, every combination that rhymes with it 
 Bitch, a whole team can't see me, there's no I's in it 
 Head so big, I shot myself ten times in it 
 Tryna commit suicide and it, took five minutes 
 And I survived the shit 
 Someone's gonna challenge me, who? 
 Battle me and win, that's a fucking fallacy too 
 You name one motherfucker in this galaxy, *spits*, reality 
 You fantasy, rally your troops, try to boost the morale 
 Only time I start a movement's a bowel 
 I can't even give a "yeah" or a "woo" when you rap in the booth 
 Not even a "nah" or a "boo" 
 'Cause even though I'm allergic to the crap that you spew 
 When I'm 'bout to break out, I don't mean get a rash from it too 
 'Cause when I say I have allergies, I actually do 
 But that's just an analogy, I've never had a reaction to you 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Creature from the Black Lagoon 
 I reach up and I smack the moon 
 You're grief struck that I'm back so soon 
 Your teacher for this afternoon 
 Creep up with a pack of hoodlums 
 We pack a punch like Caprisun 
 Heat tucked like we each snuck in a sub-machine gun 
 We stuck in a submarine bun, with a bag of shrooms 
 Cup of lean up in the padded room 
 Justin Bieber in a Catholic school 
 Selling dust and reefer when your back is to him 
 Don't adjust your speaker 
 I'll cuss the stripes off of a fuckin' zebra when I'm at the zoo 
 Huffin' cleaner 'til I gag from fumes 
 Fuck Christina with a plastic spoon 
 While I bump some G-Funk and blast some Snoop 
 'Cause her double G-cups are massive, huge! 
 It's fun for me just to grab a boob 
 Plus my penis got an attitude 
 My fuckin' wiener's in a combative mood 
 Come and suck a mean one like it's mad at you 
 I speak tongue-in-cheek, what you asslicks do 
 'Cause you love to eat butt, it's sad but true 
  
 [Verse 4] 
 I just sprung a leak suddenly 
 What I think in my gut instinct become in sync 
 My thoughts and my stomach link up with each other 
 Ink touches the pad, then boom! 
 Since the day Dre gave me beats, I was made elite 
 That's basically what makes me me 
 Creating stink, 'til these tats are fading ink 
 Who's the greatest? Think we're still debating, wink 
 ADD, and better put out an APB 
 'Cause it'll take LAPD and me layin' in the street 
 For you to see Shady beat 
 And I'll bet ya they'd need cleats 
 'Cause I'd have to be stomped by forty men to suffer a defeat 
 I pray please Jesus to make me decent 
 Inhaling the main ingredient of pain relievers, and saline 
 I take three Aleves, tryna break these fevers, I'm ailing 
 I stay free of divas and ladies screamin' 
 'Cause they keep schemin' on me 
 Vading keepin' the women at bay 
 Like Laci Peterson, baby fetuses 
 Legs and feet have been weighted, chained in semen 
 It's straight demon—and wait! 
 Even if it takes meat cleavers to make believers 
 Mistake-free schemes are enablin' me to remain deviant 
 Breakbeat, eat her like steak meat 
 Emcees take seats like AMC theaters 
 Deranged ringleader, depraved king 
 Who mainstream media hates 
 Which makes things easier, still under scrutiny 
 Villainous smooth criminal, livin' room 
 With the nude Reese Witherspoon 
 Who was bruised, beat with a broom 
 It's in two pieces, and lays deceased in it 
 Pit with a chewed leash, and his chain-link leapin' it 
 Live in the booth, shave, eat, bathe, drink, sleep in it 
 R-A-P bleed the shit, still and I poop, pee it 
 It's a spillage, a sewage leak, waist-deep feces 
 The syllables ooze fecal, they feel like renewed leases 
 'Cause my brain releases 'em 
  
 [Verse 5] 
 Like waste excretion, it's simultaneously 
 As I'm givin' these fools grief, they're feelin' the blues 
 'Cause even if stealin' my shoes, thieves 
 Just to fill 'em's a huge feat 
 A hill and it's too steep 
 Obey these demons, we're still in cahoots 
 Keep feedin' me blank sheets 
 As soon as I sink these teeth 
 And I'm killin' the loose leaf 
 Time to shake these trees again 
 Wait, make that phrase repeat again 
 Killin' the loose leaf, shake these trees again 
 Get the rake, but it ain't me leavin' 'em 
  
 [Verse 6] 
 Vicodins, Nuprins, I bite them and chew them 
 The whites and the blues mixed with nitrous balloons 
 And I like to sniff gluesticks, put Ricin on toothpicks 
 On the mic I'm just ruthless, a crisis, a nuisance 
 Who I influence I give two shits 
 If they wanna license my music to entice with 
 Then use the shit like it's the blueprint for ISIS recruitment 
  
 [Verse 7] 
 Excuse me while I stare into space for a few 
 In a daze or haze, glazed over, crazed warped loon 
 Mental cased off, always had a straight-forward view 
 But you bozos keep givin' the flamethrower fuel 
 No one's ever sank lower, shrewd, and way more rude 
 Beast-mode like a lawn-mower blade rolled through it 
 And this has little to do with bein' gay, boy 
 It's just where the wordplay's goin' 
 But ain't much I can say or do 
 'Cause ain't no excuse, the way I go at you {censored} 
 You say I'm always screw-faced 
 So if I look your way, you're screwed 
 'Cause if looks could kill, I could start a hate war too 
 'Cause I'd murder you straight bitches by turnin' the gaze on you 
  
 [Verse 8] 
 Let's take it back before the tightly-worn pants 
 To the Nike, Jordan, hats 
 The stripe Lee's, Jordache, and the white tees 
 Lightning storms might be formed fast 
 Such a frightening forecast 
 But when you're slightly hoarse, rasp 
 From the cyphering or-gasp, but still reciting your raps 
 While you're tightening your grasp around the mic 'cause you done shitted on it so much, you're always reminded of your past 
 'Cause your heiny's sore, that's 
 'Cause you still haven't finished fuckin' wiping your ass 
 From the night before last 
 No good, but rap somethin' I'm too-good-for-my-own-good at 
 Fuck adulthood, I'm a grown-up brat 
 Where your cojones at? Mine are always being rode, in fact 
 They're frozen, you ever seen a cul-de-sac? 
 So big they fell out my scrotum, I just sewed 'em back 
  
 [Verse 9] 
 Dick so long, need a shoulder-strap 
 For that, gotta unroll it and fold it back 
 So difficult to wrap in the prophylactic, it overlaps it 
 So I pack a Trojan so fat, when I lay it flat it's like a yoga mat 
 Make a bitch think she's in aerobics class 
 The bear you don't wanna poke is back 
 The backbone of rap, your fuckin' lead singles are my bonus tracks 
 When I appear, my peers stop 
 Hearts fall in their stomach, their spirits drop 
 Careers flop, their gears lock, severe shock 
 Fear at the mere thought 
 Lyrics are top-tier, I'm so high at the top 
 I'm in the sky when I talk 
 Bitch, I'm so fly when I walk, my ears pop 
  
 [Outro] 
 Oh, and I'm just playin' ladies, you know I love you 
 I got a idea for a line[Intro: Eminem & Manix] 
 Yo man, yo Marsh, man 
 Yo, you've been kickin' all this shit about yourself 
 What of the homies, man? 
 Oh you want one about the posse? Alright 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Ole foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, ole foolish pride 
 Oh, oh, oh, ole foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, ole foolish pride 
  
 [Verse: Eminem] 
 Well foolish pride has a lot of things to say 
 You got foolish pride, like you got tooth decay 
 But tooth decay is another problem 
 So let's take this ole foolish pride problem and solve it 
 Now, when I talk about foolish pride 
 I mean blacks and whites taking different sides 
 When blacks and whites take different sides 
 Unity never happens, and we will subside 
 We will subside and hatred will release 
 And everything will just crush that peace 
 But when we crush that peace, you see we start hatin' each other 
 But remember, you are my brother, and you are my sister 
 Just like I'm a mister 
 I seen a black girlfriend and I kissed her 
 I kissed her, I placed it on her cheek 
 And she didn't come back 'til next week 
 Now it was next week and she was back again 
 Wanting to kiss a white kid 
 So she was my girlfriend, we started going out 
 But that's okay because we were black and white 
 Blacks and whites sometimes mix 
 But black girls only want your money 'cause they're dumb chicks 
 So I'ma say like this 
 Don't date a black girl, take it as a diss 
 If you want, but if you don't 
 I'ma tell you like this, I surely won't 
 Never date a black girl because blacks only want your money 
 And that shit ain't funny 
 So I'ma say look honey 
 Why do you do this? 
 You know, you step up to me like you a Brutus 
 Then you try to grab my spinach 
 Because it's green and that's cash 
 So get outta here, 'cause I don't need your ass 
 I said that before, but that's okay because like I said you're a whore 
 Black girls and white girls just don't mix 
 Because black girls are dumb and white girls are good chicks 
 White girls are good, I like white girls 
 I like white girls all over the world 
 White girls are fine and they blow my mind 
 And that's why I'm here now telling you this rhyme 
 'Cause black girls, I really don't like 
 We don't mix, it's like riding a bike 
 When you're peddling hard, uphill both ways 
 You know it's kinda hard and that's why I say to you 
 I'm giving you a little advice 
 Don't date a black girl, if you do it once you won't do it twice 
 You won't ever do it again because they'll take your money 
 And that ain't funny 
 So I'ma say, "Look honey" 
 I thought I said that before 
 But like I said again you're nothing but a big whore 
 So when mike catch on the bass line 
 That's okay ‘cause we will not just waste time 
 I'll get straight to the point, black girls are bitches 
 That's why I'ma tell you you better pull up your britches 
 ‘Cause all that cash is making your ass drag 
 From the boyfriend you ganked and that's pretty bad 
 I mean that's pretty sad when you're dating a black guy 
 And then you turn around and fuck another big black guy 
 Now that's pretty wrong, but you're just ganking 
 But that's okay because you need a god damn spanking 
 From me, the funky M&M 
 I'm busting rhymes and I'm swallowing phlegm 
 I'm busting a freestyle just like this 
 I say "swallowing" phlegm and Howard gets pissed 
 But when Howard gets pissed that's okay 
 Because he leaves and he doesn't show up for two more days 
 So I'll just worry about that problem when I come to it 
 I'll cross that bridge when I come to it 
 'Cause— I forgot the chorus 
 But that's okay cause y'all saying bust a rhyme for us 
 So I'ma bust another rhyme about this black girl 
 She turned out to be a fuckin' wack girl 
 A wack girl, because black girls ain't funny 
 All they want is your goddamn money 
 They take you for everything you've got 
 And then you stand with a bunch of snot 
 In your hand 
 So I'ma kick it to you just like this 
 How does the chorus go? 
 I forgot 
 But that's okay, 'cause I'ma tell you in stride 
 I'ma say, "Ole foolish pride" 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Ole foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, ole foolish pride 
 Oh, oh, oh, ole foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, ole foolish pride 
 Oh, oh, oh, ole foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, ole foolish pride 
 Oh, oh, oh, ole foolish pride, oh, oh, oh 
 Date a white girl, 'cause they got the raw hide[Part I: Quitter] 
  
 [Intro 1: Eminem] 
 Yo, I dedicate to this to you 
 To all my fans, keeping y'all in health 
 Let's tell this Whitey Ford to go fuck himself 
 Cause it's cruel when you cause a bad heart condition and 
 Which I create, cause that's my mission 
 So listen close, to what we say 
 Because this type of fag claims to never be gay 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I knew you was jealous from the day that I met you 
 I upset you, cause I get respect, I bet you 
 I'm even liked better by your niece and nephew 
 And now you hate Fred because Lethal left you 
 Peckerwood mad cause his record went wood 
 No respect in the hood, fled to his neck of the woods 
 Got in touch with his roots, found the redneck in his blood 
 And said, "Heck, country western rap records are good" 
 So he picks the guitar up and he strums a few notes 
 He can't rap, or sing, but he wants to do both 
 Puts an album out and rules for part of the year 
 Then Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit come from out of nowhere 
 It's the start of an era, rock rap's harder this year 
 No one's tryin to hear some fucking old fart in a chair 
 Sittin on stage, strummin acoustic guitar in your ear 
 So you start to get scared, sit back and spark an idea 
 Figure you can diss me to jump start your career 
 I punch you in your fucking chest 'til your heart kicks in gear 
 And fuck your underground buddies' nameless crew 
 Like I'mma say they names so they can be famous too 
  
 [Chorus 1: Eminem] 
 You just a Quitter and you bitter cause I came along 
 And the days of House of Pain are gone 
 And if you talk about my little girl in a song again 
 I'mma kill you, I'mma kill you 
 You just a quitter and you bitter cause I came along 
 And the days of House of Pain are gone 
 And if you talk about my little girl in a song again 
 I'mma kill you, I'mma kill you 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Heart attack to stroke from the crack you smoke 
 To the rap you wrote, your fuckin' answer back's a joke 
 And I'mma tell these motherfuckin' fans the truth 
 The reason why you dissed me first and I answered you 
 You said I passed you in a lobby and I glanced at you 
 Like I ain't notice you, bitch, I had a show to do 
 Like I'm supposed to be star-struck, come over to you 
 You better shut your fuckin mouth while you oh-for-two 
 Back in '94 Limp opened the show for you 
 Rocked the crowd better and stole the whole show from you 
 Took your motherfuckin' DJ and stole him too 
 So you fall in a slump and get all emotional 
 So now you sing and mix slang with blues and pluck strings 
 Confused as fuck cause now your music sucks dick 
 Mr.-Mr. Ass Kisser to get accepted in rap quicker 
 But never last, and Everlast is a 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Quitter and you bitter cause I came along 
 And the days of House of Pain are gone 
 And if you talk about my little girl in a song again 
 I'mma kill you, I'mma kill you 
 You just a quitter and you bitter cause I came along 
 And the days of House of Pain are gone 
 And if you talk about my little girl in a song again 
 I'mma kill you, I'mma kill you 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Aight look, so this is what we ask of our fans 
 If you ever see Everlast, whoop his ass 
 Hit him with sticks, bricks, rocks, throw shit at him 
 Kick him, spit on him, treat him like a ho, bitch-slap him 
 Do it for me, do it for Fred, do it for Limp 
 Do it for Rock, do it for rap, do it for Kid 
 Do it for Ice-T, do it just to do it, fuck it 
 He's a bitch, he ain't gon' hit you back, he's nothin 
 Shit in five years we'll all be eatin' at Whitey's 
 And he'll be bussin tables in that bitch, cleanin the toilets 
  
 [Interlude 1: Eminem] 
 Ayo, fuck this, cut this shit off 
 Ayo Head 
 That's why I fucked your mother you fat motherfucker 
  
 [Part II: Hit 'Em Up (Remix)] 
  
 [Intro 2: Eminem] 
 Kill Whitey (hahaha!) 
 Kill Whitey, Detroit 
 Kill Whitey, yo, yo 
 Kill Whitey, haha, look 
  
 [Verse 4: Eminem] 
 First off, fuck your songs and the shit you say 
 Diss my wife, but at least I got a bitch, you gay 
 You claim to be a Muslim but you Irish White 
 So fuck you fat boy, drop the mic, let's fight 
 Plus I punch you in the chest, weak hearts I rip 
 Whitey Ford, 40 and white, lethargic ass dickhead 
 I keep 'em comin while you runnin' out of breath 
 Steady duckin' while I'm punchin' at your chest, you need to rest 
 Dilated, go ask your people how I leave ya 
 With your three CDs nobody sees, when they released 
 Evidence, don't fuck around with real MCs 
 You ain't ready for no underground beef, so fuck geeks 
 I let you faggots know it's on for life 
 But Everlast might die tonight, haha! 
 Fat boy murdered on wax and killed 
 Fuck with me and take a heart pill, you know 
  
 [Chorus 2: Eminem] 
 Grab .380s when you see Slim Shady 
 Call the doctor to heal your heart 
 They shocked you back to life at the clinic 
 But you 'bout to get relapsed any minute, honkey, I hit 'em up 
  
 [Interlude 2: Eminem] 
 Hahaha, yo check this out 
 You faggots ain't even on my level 
 I'mma let D12 ride on you bitch-made ass faggots 
  
 [Verse 5: Kon Artis] 
 Yo, get out the way yo, get out the way yo 
 Whitey Ford's heart just stopped 
 Eminem shocked him back, he had another heart attack 
 Whitey Ford's gettin his ass floored for talkin' back 
 Little faggot Hamburgular, I show you where the burgers are 
 At your own restaurant, while I'm servin' ya 
 Drop and stomp your whole heart 'til it stops 
 Call the cops, I'mma beat your ass while they watch 
  
 [Verse 6: Kuniva] 
 Ha ha, now we got the whole industry makin fun of you Erik 
 Where's your House of Pain now? It's only one of you Erik 
 You a petty coward, you ain't ready to steady go a round 
 With some killers from 7 Mile to the muhfuckin' Belle Isle Bridge 
  
 [Chorus 2: Eminem] 
 Grab .380s when you see Slim Shady 
 Call the doctor to heal your heart 
 They shocked you back to life at the clinic 
 But you 'bout to get relapsed any minute, honkey, I hit 'em up 
  
 [Verse 7: Eminem] 
 Got in his ass and now this faggot wanna mention me still 
 This ain't no freestyle battle Everlast gettin' killed 
 With his chest open, tryin to throw a fuckin' punch 
 But you just chokin', having a stroke 
 And now you learn why crackers never earned a dime 
 Cause you suck, motherfucker you should learn to rhyme 
 Talkin' about you packin' pistols but it's funny to me 
 You ain't never been in trouble, you just wanna be me 
 I'm a paleface killer whale 
 On his way to fuckin' prison, pistol whippin' tail 
 Erik, remember when I passed you in the lobby that day? 
 That shit was obvious, you probably was gay 
 Now it's all about country, you gave up hip-hop 
 49,000 copies the week your shit drop 
 While my sales making records break 
 2.5 million scanned by the second week 
 Motherfucker I hit em up 
  
 [Verse 8: Proof] 
 I'm from Detroit's Pemberton Ave where bullets tear you in half 
 Fuck the music, we got a Uzi for all you fags 
 Get the shit out of our stereo, Dilated, you violated 
 Now you 'bout to get annihilated, we gon' bury you 
 Erik's irons get choked up and yoked up 
 All you underground bitches get your throats cut 
  
 [Verse 9: Swifty] 
 What the fuck, is you stupid? I choke Whitey Ford 
 With his fucking guitar cord and stuff him in cardboard 
 Chopped up in a box, with sixteen parts, I stomped on his heart 
 D-12, Amityville, fuck your mother while you watch 
 Keep your restaurant locked and block your door 
 Cause we hit 'em up like motherfuckin 2Pac Shakur 
  
 [Verse 10: Eminem] 
 You a, Black Jesus, heart attack, seizures 
 Too many cheeseburgers McDonald's Big Mac greases 
 White devil, washed up honkey 
 Mixed up cracker who crossed over to country 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 Yo, ayo cut this shit off 
 Sheeeit! Fuck him! 
 That's it, I'm done, I promise, I'm done 
 That's it, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I promise 
 I just believe in kicking a man while he's down 
 Goddamn! I quit! 
 Mention my daughter's name in a song again, you fucking punk Ayo![Intro] 
 I don't understand! 
 Why are you being so mean? 
 You're a mean, mean man! 
  
 [Hook] 
 You're just jealous of me 'cause you, you just can't do what I do 
 So instead of just admitting it, you walk around and say 
 All kinds of really mean things about me 
 'Cause you're a meanie, a meanie 
 But it's only 'cause you're just really jealous of me 
 'Cause I'm what you wanna be, so you just look like an idiot 
 When you say these mean things, 'cause it's too easy to see 
 You're really just a big weenie, big weenie 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 All right listen, I need you to focus 
 I need you to go dig deep in your mind, this is important 
 We are going to perform an experiment of the sorts 
 I'm going to have to ask you to bear with me for a moment 
 Now I need you to open your mind — your eyes, close 'em 
 You are now about to be placed under my hypnosis 
 For the next four and a half minutes, we are going to explore 
 Into your mind to find out why you're so fucking jealous 
 Now why did they make Yoo-Hoo? Pippity-kaka-poo-poo 
 Psyche! I'm kidding, I just wanted to see if you're still listening 
 Okay, now I need your undivided attention 
 Sir, I have a question, why do I always sense this 
 Undeniable tension, from the moment that I enter into the room 
 It gets all quiet and whispers? 
 Whenever there's conversation, why am I always mentioned? 
 I've been dying to ask, it's been itching at me, is it just because 
  
 [Hook] 
 You're just jealous of me 'cause you, you just can't do what I do 
 So instead of just admitting it, you walk around and say 
 All kinds of really mean things about me 
 'Cause you're a meanie, a meanie 
 But it's only 'cause you're just really jealous of me 
 'Cause I'm what you wanna be, so you just look like an idiot 
 When you say these mean things, 'cause it's too easy to see 
 You're really just a big weenie, big weenie 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Alright now I (Shit), I just flubbed a line 
 I was going to say something extremely important 
 But I forgot who or what it was, I fucked up 
 Psyche! I'm kidding again you idiot, no I didn't 
 That's just what you wanted to hear from me is that I fucked up, ain't it? 
 But I can bust one take without looking at no paper 
 It doesn't take a bunch of takes or me to stand here in this booth all day 
 For me to say the truth, okay? You're drooling, you have tooth decay 
 Your mouth is open, you're disgusting, what the fuck you eat for lunch? 
 A bunch of sweets or something? What, you munch a bunch of Crunch 'n Munch? 
 Your tooth is rotten to the gum, your breath stinks, wanna chew some gum? 
 Yes I do sir, what am I on? You sir, are on truth serum 
 "Marshall I'm so jealous of you, please say you won't tell nobody 
 I'd be so embarrassed, I'm just absolutely terrified 
 That someone's gonna find out why I'm saying all these terrible 
 Evil and awful mean things, it's my own insecurities!" 
  
 [Hook] 
 You're just jealous of me 'cause you, you just can't do what I do 
 So instead of just admitting it, you walk around and say 
 All kinds of really mean things about me 
 'Cause you're a meanie, a meanie 
 But it's only 'cause you're just really jealous of me 
 'Cause I'm what you wanna be, so you just look like an idiot 
 When you say these mean things, 'cause it's too easy to see 
 You're really just a big weenie, big weenie 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Alright now we, we're going to conduct 
 That experiment that we were talking about earlier 
 Just to see what a frog looks like when it takes two hits of ecstasy 
 'Cause that's exactly what your eyes look like, wanna check to see? 
 Here's a mirror, notice the resemblance here? 
 Wait, let me put these sunglasses on, now look in this mirror 
 How about now? What do you have in common? 
 You're both green with envy and look like idiots with sunglasses on 'em 
 You look like I sound like singing about weenies 
 Now take my weenie out of your mouth 
 This is between me and you, I know you're not happy 
 I know you'd much rather see me lying in the corner of a room 
 Somewhere crying, curled up in a ball tweaked 
 Out of my mind dying, there's no denying 
 That my weenie is much bigger than yours is 
 Mine is like sticking a banana between two oranges 
 Why you even doing this to yourself, it's pointless 
 Why do we have to keep on going through this, this is torturous 
 My point is this: that if you say mean things 
 Your weenie will shrink, now I forgot what the chorus is, you're just as 
  
 [Hook] 
 You're just jealous of me 'cause you, you just can't do what I do 
 So instead of just admitting it, you walk around and say 
 All kinds of really mean things about me 
 'Cause you're a meanie, a meanie 
 But it's only 'cause you're just really jealous of me 
 'Cause I'm what you wanna be, so you just look like an idiot 
 When you say these mean things, 'cause it's too easy to see 
 You're really just a big weenie, big weenie 
  
 [Outro] 
 Fuck off my dick![Intro: Eminem] 
 Good evening 
 This is your fucking captain speaking 
 We will soon be reaching an altitude of 
 Four million and a half.. feet 
 That's eight million miles in the sky 
 Please... undo your seat belt for takeoff [chkk] 
 You are now free to smoke about the cabin 
  
 [Verse 1: Dr. Dre] 
 I'm Dre, from back in the day 
 From N.W.A, from black and the gray 
 From choking a bitch, to smacking her face 
 From stacking up bodies, to racking AKs up 
 From racking up hits, to stacking them crates up 
 I'm still hungry, and I'm back with a tapeworm 
 And we're what's happenin' in rap entertainment 
 Me and Shady, as far as competition, faggot, there ain't none 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Speak of the Devil, it's attack of the Rain Man 
 Chainsaw in hand, bloodstain on my apron 
 Soon as the blade spun, vrrunn, they run away from 
 Who wanna play dungeon? No one is safe from 
 In search of a brain surgeon, a great one 
 Wait, it ain't funny, man, it's urgent, I need one 
 Two boxes of detergent in a paint gun 
 And an emergency squirt gun to spray A-1 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 So one more time for old time's sake 
 Dre, drop that beat and scratch that break 
 Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way 
 And let's go (You are now smoking with the best) 
 I said, one more time for old time's sake 
 Dre, drop that beat and scratch that break 
 Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way 
 And let's go (You are now smoking with the best) 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Smoke signal in the sky like Verizon Wireless 
 A nice environment, surprised entirely 
 Hypnotized by the sound, I surround the hydrants 
 Taking lives of firemen; say goodbye, here I am again 
 Naked wives and Vicodin 
 Before I begin to get so high, pussy boy, I could spin 
 Vinn-vinn, fuck the handle, I fly off the hinge 
 Let that boy off the bench, coach, and throw it to him 
 There he goes in his trench coat, no clothes again 
 Baby, make us some french toast and show us some skin 
 I'll show you every inch grows on my foreskin 
 Show me nipple, I pinch both, and throw up a ten 
 Now you know it's a sin to tease, blow us again 
 The sorcerer of intercourse; if it's forced, it's him 
 Don't fight the feeling if you're feeling the force within 
 And when you wake up in the morning next to the porcelain 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 So one more time for old time's sake 
 Dre, drop that beat and scratch that break 
 Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way 
 And let's go (You are now smokin' with the best) 
 I said, one more time for old time's sake 
 Dre, drop that beat and scratch that break 
 Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way 
 And let's go (You are now smokin' with the best) 
  
 [Verse 4: Dr. Dre] 
 Now where there's smoke, there's fire 
 Where there's fire, there's flames 
 Where there's flames, there's chronic 
 Either you high or you ain't 
 I got no time for no games 
  
 [Verse 5: Eminem] 
 Nuh-uh, he ain't playin' 
 He's gon' get the AK and aim it right at your brain 
 I'm slightly insane, vodka and creatine 
 Hpnotiq and Red Bull, it's an incredible energy drink 
 And it's given me wings, I believe I can fly 
 While I pee on a girl, you won't catch me CSI 
 It's as easy as pie, and as simple as cake 
 Dre, get on the mic and make 'em tremble and shake 
  
 [Verse 6: Dr. Dre] 
 Now put your smoke up in the air, raise your Henny and Coke 
 And if you really wanna get fucked up, just let me know 
 We can smoke 'til there's no more lighter fluid to do it 
 Let's get into it, you're smokin' with the triedest and truest 
 I got the Midas touch when it comes to rollin' shit up 
 You motherfuckers ain't smokin', you just holdin' shit up 
 Now here we go, let's get up, get down, hold up a blunt 
 I smoke the kinda stuff that make the records go number one 
 'Cause if at first you don't succeed 
 Won't hurt to smoke some weed 
 Now them words are just a little more personal for me 
 Seeing as how I blew up off of puffing them trees 
  
 [Verse 7: Eminem & (Dr. Dre)] 
 Well smoke enough for me, fuck yeah, light it up, Cheech 
 Come on, smoke me out cuz, give me contact buzz 
 Get me on track, they love me when I'm on that stuff 
 But this is Earth calling Shady, man, come on back—What? 
 Man, we're losing him, he won't even respond back, fuck! 
 Now look at all the pretty women in here (Damn, bitches!) 
 Dre, it's hot, I think we better go check on their temperatures 
 I'll get the thermometer, you get the bandages 
 Now baby, just bend over, this won't hurt a damn bit, just— 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Give me one more time for old time's sake 
 Dre, drop that beat and scratch that break 
 Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way 
 And let's go (You are now smokin' with the best) 
 I said, one more time for old time's sake 
 Dre, drop that beat and scratch that break 
 Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way 
 And let's go (You are now smokin' with the best)[Hook: Eye-Kyu & Eminem] 
 Now, what you know about a sweet MC from the 313? 
 None of these skills you 'bout to see come free 
 So you wanna be a sweet MC, you gotta become me 
 If you ever wanna be one, see 
 Man, what you know about a sweet MC in the 313? 
 None of these skills you 'bout to see come free 
 So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me 
 If you ever wanna be one, see 
  
 [Verse 1: Eye-Kyu] 
 Yo, some people say I'm whack, now if that's right I'm 
 The freshest whack MC that you ever heard in your lifetime 
 My slick acapella sounds clever with the beats, boy 
 I'm the deepest thing since potholes to ever hit the streets 
 Forget a gold digger's succubus 
 My soul's thick with ruggedness 
 With the mic I'm like a dyke: can't no nigga fuck with this 
 I got more different strokes than Philip Drummound 
 On open mic I bone your woman 
 Just to keep my lyrics comin' (bitch) 
 We elevated to new heights, premeditated 
 Let it be that I stated, they hate it 
 Now that they see that I made it 
 The escalated can be put to the test of greatness 
 Snatch the heart from MC's and I ate it 
 So I take it, that's the reason I'm hated 
 To represent's my temperament 
 If rap was a dick, all you so called hard MCs would not be impotent, but pimpin' it 
 And actin' like you could rock a show 
 Harder than LL's rock the bells, and you's a ho 
 Everything that you collaborate I lacerate 
 My rhymes they keep comin' 
 Like nymphomaniacs that masturbate 
 At a faster rate, yeah, I got somethin' for your ass to hate 
 I blast your hate, and have you all runnin' past the gates 
 And as for face clutchin' and touchin' the flows 
 I got them open like marijuana smoke up in your nose 
 Buckin' these hoes, I got that shit down to a science 
 Leavin' them hot and bothered, turned on, like an appliance 
 Defiance? No, we won't have that 
 You want your shit to blow up? 
 Well, I'ma stuff some dynamite in your ass crack 
 And blast that shit to kingdom come 
 Then bring them some of this real hip-hop 
 I drop beats and you ain't singin' or gonna do a thing but run 
 And you all knew from Meeko 
 That you couldn't hold your own 
 With the strength of Lou Ferrigno 
 So, stop that bullshit flow, yo 
 You need to come with the real skills and act like you know 
  
 [Hook: Eminem & Eye-Kyu] 
 Now, what you know about a sweet MC in the 313? 
 None of these skills you 'bout to see come free 
 So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me 
 If you ever wanna be one, see 
 Now, what you know about a sweet MC from the 313? 
 None of these skills you 'bout to see come free 
 So you wanna be a sweet MC, you gotta become me 
 If you ever wanna be one, see 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 So what you know about a sweet MC in the 313? 
 You don't know shit, so when you see one, flee 
 You can be Run-D, you'll never be the MC 
 I stopped the alphabet at S and got it down to a T 
 I'm sure you're bound to agree, a sweet MC crash the spot 
 I'll make the roof hot like I was Rock Master Scott 
 Your ass forgot, so just in case you don't remember me 
 I'll run your brain round the block to jog your fuckin' memory 
 It's either them or me, man, kill or be killed 
 Your will'll be sealed, your casket closed, you still'll be billed 
 My facilities filled with fans, packed to capacity 
 I'll send a rapper back with the crack of his ass shitty 
 If he's actin' soft and he cowers, he better come cleaner 
 Than Jeru jackin' off when he showers 
 You flowers got no clout with a thing 
 You could date a stick of dynamite 
 And wouldn't go out with a bang 
 I shout with a slang, simple as ABCs 
 Skip over the Ds and rock the microphone with ease 
 Dethrone MCs, and I'ma max alone 
 Relax your dome, like a solo from a saxophone 
 So facts are known, biters get treated with shots 
 I rock a beat harder than you could beat it with rocks 
 I'm greeted with flocks of fellow followers' singers 
 You couldn't make the fans throw up their hands 
 If they swallowed their fingers 
 But you can bring yours, let's see what you got 
 But don't front, and never try to be what you're not 
 'Cause you can be quick 
 Jump the candlestick, burn your back 
 And fuck Jill on a hill, but you still ain't jack 
  
 [Hook: Eye-Kyu & Eminem] 
 Now, what you know about a sweet MC from the 313? 
 None of these skills you 'bout to see come free 
 So you wanna be a sweet MC, you gotta become me 
 If you ever wanna be one, see 
 Man, what you know about a sweet MC in the 313? 
 None of these skills you 'bout to see come free 
 So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me 
 If you ever wanna be one, see[Intro] 
 Ahh! You sick asshole let me go 
 Somebody please! Help! 
 Oh my God, please help me! Oh 
 "It fits perfect" 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Better watch out, sucka, now I got ya where I want ya 
 Onslaught coming and I'm packing in my lunch a 
 Bunch of missile launchers and a bunch of contra– 
 Band, van full of ganja, now come on, jump 
 Man, stop moshin' Marshall; oh my God, ya 
 Doing the cha-cha and the Cucaracha with a quadra– 
 Plegic, boogying down to Frank Sinatra 
 Lindsay to the Lohan, lick it while you let me watch ya 
 Who'da knew the Buddha'd do to me what it's done? 
 Such cynicism when there’s izm in my system 
 Blunt hypnotism, lift the spliff up to my lips, son 
 So much on my hands, I got to give my kids a fist bump 
 Christo–pher Reeves swimmin' in my swim trunks 
 "Mister – Help me" is what he said to me and then sunk 
 Women, skinning them and cutting them up in chunks 
 In comes the woman with cocoa butter skin, once 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Once again, they call me Buffalo Bill 
 Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill 
 Skin 'em up, hem 'em, sew 'em up in those kilts 
 Up in those kilts, uppa-up in those kilts 
 Man, you don't want to go up in those hills 
 Up in those hills, uppa-up in those hills 
 You better beware, stay clear of Buffalo Bill 
 Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Always, you can see him lurkin' in the hallways 
 Carcasses of Caucasian females in his crawl space 
 How the hell did he fit 'em all into such a small place? 
 Hide 'em in the wall, well, how long will the drywall take? 
 Well, fuck it then, I got nothing but time, I'll wait 
 Until it dries, for the moment, I guess you're all safe 
 After I sand it and buff it, I guess that I'll paint 
 My chainsaw's out of gas, my regular saw ain't 
 Now here I come again, damn stomach rumbling 
 You can even hear the evil spirits coming from within 
 Someone's in the back of my damn house, rummaging 
 It's a girl, she looks pretty thin, but I want her skin 
 Vinn, on the hunt again, when will it ever end? 
 Evelyn, why you trying to fight? You will never win 
 Severin' legs, arms; damn, there goes another limb 
 Pull the lever then; trap door, death is evident 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Once again, they call me Buffalo Bill 
 Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill 
 Skin 'em up, hem 'em, sew 'em up in those kilts 
 Up in those kilts, uppa-up in those kilts 
 Man, you don't want to go up in those hills 
 Up in those hills, uppa-up in those hills 
 You better beware, stay clear of Buffalo Bill 
 Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Now what you know about Buffalo Bill? Nothin', so chill 
 Fuckin' ho, you better fuckin' hold still 
 Make sure none of that lotion in the bucket don't spill 
 Cut 'em, gut 'em, and just get to stuffin' those girls 
 Man, I think she had enough of those pills 
 Sedate her, then I wait, I come back later 
 Just-a clutching those steel 
 Blades, baby, when I cut ya don't squeal 
 I hate the loud noises, I fuckin' told you! 
 I keep hearing voices like 
 "Wouldn't ya like to go and get your butcher knife 
 And push it right through her 
 While you put ya shish kebab skewers into her 
 Barbecue her, would you do to her what you usually do 
 To a girl who's skin's newer?" 
 (In a world of sin you are, this is turning into a 
 Torment tournament of sorts, Christmas ornament you are) 
 I'll be sure to Ginsu ya 'til there's no more skin to ya 
 Boo-yah! Who ya think you're fucking with? 
 Duck, because here he comes again 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Once again, they call me Buffalo Bill 
 Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill 
 Skin 'em up, hem 'em, sew 'em up in those kilts 
 Up in those kilts, uppa-up in those kilts 
 Man, you don't want to go up in those hills 
 Up in those hills, uppa-up in those hills 
 You better beware, stay clear of Buffalo Bill 
 Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill[Intro] 
 It's all bad now, man, it's all bad 
 But y'all done fucked up now 
 Yeah! Haha! New shit! 
 Ayo, I just want the whole world to know 
 That I did not start this, but I will finish it 
  
 [Verse] 
 Comin' up, it never mattered what color you was 
 If you could spit, then you could spit 
 That's it, that's what it was 
 Back when motherfuckers was straight backpackin' 
 Cipherin', fightin' for life in this rap 
 For the mic to get passed, and you psyched and you gassed 
 Then you hype, ‘cause you last 
 And you might whoop some ass; if you lost, then you lost 
 Shake hands like a man and you swallowed it 
 When the Unsigned Hype column in 
 The Source was like our only source of light 
 When the mics used to mean somethin', a four was like 
 You were the shit, now it's like the least you get 
 Three and a half now just means you're a piece of shit 
 Four and a half or five means you're Biggie, Jigga, Nas 
 Or Benzino—shit, I don't even think you realize 
 You're playin' with motherfuckers' lives 
 I done watched Dre get fucked on The Chronic 
 Probably ‘cause I was on it 
 Now you fucked me out of my mics twice, I let it slide 
 I said I wouldn't hold my fuckin' breath to get a five 
 Shit, I was right, I'da fuckin' died already tryin' 
 I swear to God, I never lie, I bet that's why 
 You let that bitch give me that bullshit review 
 I sat and took it, I ain't look at the shit, we knew 
 You'd probably try and fuck us with Obie and 50 too 
 *Spit* Fuck a relationship! We through! 
 No more Source to street credit, them days is dead 
 Ray's got AK's to Dave Mays's head 
 Every issue there's an eight-page Made Men spread 
 Will somebody please tell whoever braids his head 
 That I am not afraid of this fuckin' waste of lead 
 On my pencil, for me to write some shit this simple 
 So, listen closely, as I break it down and proceed 
 This old G's about to get smoked like rolled weed 
 You don't know me or my motherfuckin' mother 
 You motherfuckin' punk! 
 Put me on your fuckin' cover just to sell your little sell-out mag 
 I ain't mad, I feel bad, here's an ad 
 Here's a poster of Ray-Ray and his dad 
 You wanna talk about some shit 
 That you don't know about, yeah? 
 Let's talk about how you're puttin' your own son out there 
 To try to eat off him because you missed your boat 
 You're never gonna blow, bitch, you're just too old 
 No wonder you're sore now, lordy, you're bored now 
 I'm pushin' 30, you're kickin' 40's door down 
 Bitch, this is war now, and you'll never beat me 
 All you do is cheat me out of Quotables 
 But you know that you'll always see me on your TV 
 ‘Cause you've got to stay up 'til three in the morning 
 To see your video played once on BET 
 So, hee hee hee, who has the last laugh? Aftermath, yeah 
 So, on behalf of our whole staff, kiss our asshole cracks 
 We'll never fold or hold back 
 Just know that Benzino's wack; no matter how many times I say his name, he'll never blow, jack 
 You're better off tryin' to bring RSO back 
 Look at your track record, that's how far it goes back 
 It's extortion, and Ray owns a portion 
 So, half of the staff up there is fresh out of jail from Boston 
 Bullyin' and bossin' Dave like a slave 
 They completely brainwashed him, and forced him to stay 
 Locked in his own office 
 Afraid of the softest, fakest, wannabe gangsta in New York 
 And it's pitiful, ‘cause I would have never said shit if you'd 
 Have kept your mouth shut, bitch, now what? 
 Hit it, Clue! Spit it, Slay! New shit, Exclusive 
 Yo, Lantern, yo Whoo Kid 
 You know what to do with this 
 Use it, I'm through, this is stupid 
 I can't believe I stooped to this bullshit to do this 
 And who you callin' a bitch, bitch? You owe me![Verse 1: Eminem] 
 There's not much you could do or say to phase me 
 People think I'm a little bit crazy 
 I get it from all angles, even occasionally Doc Dre-zie 
 Will have to step in every once in a while to save me 
 To make me stop and think about it 'fore I just say things 
 Sometimes I forget what other people just may think 
 A lot of rappers probably wouldn't know how to take me 
 If they heard some shit, I'd lay the tape 'fore they erased me 
 I may be a little too fast-paced and racy 
 Sometimes the average listener rewinds and plays me 
 Twenty times 'cause I say so many rhymes it may seem 
 Like I'm goin' too fast 'cause my mind is racing 
 And I could give a fuck what category you place me 
 Long as when I'm pushing up daisies 
 And gone as long as you place me amongst one of them greats 
 When I hit the heavenly gates I'll be cool beside Jay-Z 
 For every single die-hard fan who embraced me 
 I'm thankful for the talent in which God gave me 
 And I'm thankful for the environment that he placed me 
 Believe it or not, I thank my mom for how she raised me 
 In the neighborhood daily that jumped and chased me 
 It only made me what I am today, see 
 Regardless of what anybody believes who hates me 
 You ain't gonna make or break me 
 Tryna strip me of my credibility and make me look fake, G 
 You're only gonna be in for a rude awakening 
 'Cause sooner or later you haters are all gonna face me 
 And when you face me with all the shit you've been saving 
 To say to me, you had all this time to think about it 
 Now don't pussy out and try to about face me 
 'Cause I've been patiently waiting for the day 
 That we finally meet in the same place to see 
  
 [Hook: Nate Dogg] 
 No matter how many battles I been in and won 
 No matter how many magazines on my nuts 
 No matter how many emcees I eat up 
 Oh, it's never enough 
 No matter how many battles I been in and won 
 No matter how many magazines on my nuts 
 No matter how many emcees I eat up 
 Oh oh, it's never enough 
  
 [Verse 2: 50 Cent] 
 My flow's untouchable, now you gotta face it 
 Uh oh, it gets worse when I go back to the basics 
 You gon' say the wrong shit and get your whole face split 
 The smell of victory, love it so much I can taste it 
 I spot my target, blaze it, direct hit 
 Graze it, your peace talk, save it 
 Your shit sounds dated, you're overrated 
 I'm obligated to study your moves then crush you motherfuckers 
 If I'm the best and the worst, then God's gift is a curse 
 Soldier trained to destroy – you payin' attention, boy? 
 I spit shit, slick shit, so quick you miss it 
 To be specific I go ballistic as hieroglyphic 
 My music is a drug, press play, you ain't gotta sniff it 
 Shoot it or pop it, roll it, bag it or chop it 
 It'll get you high over and over, but you gotta cop it 
 When it's hot, it's hot, your hatin' is undeniable, stop it 
  
 [Hook: Nate Dogg] 
 No matter how many battles I been in and won 
 No matter how many magazines on my nuts 
 No matter how many emcees I eat up 
 Oh, it's never enough 
 No matter how many battles I been in and won 
 No matter how many magazines on my nuts 
 No matter how many emcees I eat up 
 Oh oh, it's never enough[Verse: Eminem (Paul Rosenberg/Sway)] 
 Let's take them back to the future (bars) 
 Bars, like Paul Rosenberg 
 The small frozen turd (don't censor me man) 
 Alright look, I had class, I just got expelled 
 I excelled at nothing in school 
 So if you're tryna test my patience it just failed 
 But King Mathers, I still get hailed 
 So call me sire, like I exhaled 
 After I had a deep ass breath held 
 I guess well, that'll make my size double XL 
 So kiss your highness's hinded ass 
 While I'm trying to stretch, it's time to exercise 
 I'm flexing, isometrics 
 Twice the reps 'til I get extra-sized 
 And set my bis and pecs and triceps on fire 
 Cause I'm coming out guns blazing 
 Like flaming pythons, my suggestion is parental discretion 
 Be advised, due to this mental aggression 
 We advise you to back up, like Byron Leftwich 
 I'm infectious, I rhyme like I got a sinus infection 
 A virus, I'm congested and I just ingested 
 Five Allegras but the side effects from these anti-depressants, they're tryna mess with my mind 
 I'm a regular Hyde and Jekyll 
 White with freckles but I silence hecklers 
 You might wanna head for the fire exits 
 I'm coming through like a wrecking ball 
 You would swear I think highly of Miley 
 And I respect her, the way I backhand her 
 Excuse my French, Montana, but I am worried about nutting 
 God damn it, I'm a sexist, I drive a Lexus 
 Textses out of her mind, and I'm in Texas 
 With a chainsaw, wait, what did I forget this 
 Time, oh, my machetes getting upset, he said 
 He was ready for me to come get him from inside the shed 
 It was time, he's restless 
 He wants to make blood shed like a storage unit 
 But before I do it, let me think this through 
 Cause if I behead this bitch then I'd be headless [slurping noise] 
 Mic check, one, two 
 I ain't barely check the mic just yet 
 And I just sweared like twice as many times 
 In less than ninety seconds 
 Than Andrew fucking Dice ever did in his fucking life 
 But I guess I'm expected to make these kinds of violent records 
 It's why I keep rhyming reckless 
 Fuck it, I swear, like a diamond necklace 
 Since freestyling over phone tap, my line's connected 
 With rhymes that kept in touch with the fans, that's why the more bars, the better my reception 
 And I give a fuck about sales, and fuck pop, I don't even like refreshments 
 Cindy Crawford tryna fend me off with a bendy straw 
 At the waffle house, awful mouth 
 But if you don't like what I'm talking about then block me out 
 Just then Foxy Brown, walks up and knocks me down 
 Kicks me and socks me, ow 
 Apparently still mad over what I said last year 
 On that Vegas track, I just look stupid and stand there 
 And try to act like I can't hear 
 What? Sorry dear, but I think Pam Grier just stuck a tampon in my damn ear 
 That's when my man Denaun Porter ran behind me to pantomime 
 That if you wanna kick his ass, stand in line 
 Hands inside my pants as I fantasize taking advantage 
 Of Brandy and Janet by grabbing my Spanish Fly 
 Like a blind Hispanic guy with his zipper stuck 
 Give a fuck, it's all part of my grand design 
 To get Amanda Bynes to come and fucking blow me like a dandelion 
 Better watch your step, you 'bout to cross an outlandish mine 
 I'm what you get if Aaron Hernandez rhymed 
 So stand aside unless you plan to find out how handy I am with a branding iron 
 Fuck talking clear so you all can hear 
 I'd rather rap like a fucking auctioneer 
 Fuck around and walk from here to the Southpaw premier 
 Get on Paul's back, rapping "Paul Revere" 
 So call me queer, cause I'm always weird 
 So praise a Genius, hope this don't get taken out of text 
 But Hillary, I promise to wipe my server clean if you face subpoenas 
 Got a name that speaks for itself like Anthony Weiner 
 Hands in between my pants in a theater, jacking my meat 
 A fan of Trina, Angelina, and Christina and Serena and Selena 
 Scarlett Johansson, Tiffani Amber Thiessen 
 Give me a damn good reason and not wanna slip an Ambien in the Cappuccino 
 And try to have a 3-sum with Janet Reno 
 I'm fucked worse than Donald Trump 
 On Lexapro in Mexico across from a Texaco in McDonald's drunk 
 Broke and out of gas, busted water pump 
 Getting fondled up by Ronald, feeling him on his rump 
 Oh yeah, and me and Alyssa Milano hump 
 We do 
 Bringing the horror to emcees like the aura of the Run DMC fedora 
 Addidas and Diadoras but I need at least three to four of those Rita Oras 
 In a four seater Taurus but tell them my face is the best seat in the house 
 I’ll let them bleed in my mouth while I’m eating them out (that’s disgusting, ow Jesus) 
 Heat seeking missile, duck, demented, sick, hate and see who gives a fuck 
 I invented prick, and that’s a true statement, I see the bitch in you Caitlyn 
 I keep the pistol tucked like Bruce Jenner’s dick 
 No disrespect though, not at all, no pun intended, that took a lot of balls (ay God damn) 
 Oh and Azealia Banks just wanna tell you thanks 
 Now I got trailer skanks sending me ballpark franks in the mail as pranks 
 And hot pockets, thanks a lot 
 Awful, I made monopoly off misogyny 
 Sodomy, how many chocolatey jell-o pops can he possibly lace, walking atrocity 
 No wonder you scoff at me, it’s still obvious I’m as off-putting as Bill Cosby is 
 Treat women like property, possessive like a noun with an apostrophe 
 S’s, I’d probably stalk broccoli, yes it’s 
 Socrates with a block of cheese and a dollar stuck in this soda pop machine 
 Got emcees dropping to knees, copping a plea bargain 
 They keep sobbing, like, “please stop it” 
 Aftermath, bitch, still Detoxing 
 Looking for us? We over here 
 Like we’re eavesdropping[Verse 1: Royce da 5'9"] 
 Ryan's a homicidal misfit, I write the solution of biophysics 
 On the side of a cliff in some hieroglyphics 
 This my admission to having violent psychotic wit 
 Devour, polish it, politics 
 By the way I'm higher than the Eiffel Tower tip 
 I like writing, but I will stick this pencil in your ass 
 Before I write your shit, pause, inhaling hella kush 
 Us and Yelawolf like a heavy foot gas pedal push 
 Felons, crooks, going door-to-door 
 Like we selling books, Dolly Parton style, melons mushed 
 Now my bitch a dancer, I'm about as sick as cancer 
 If you could swallow my style, you'd probably rip your pants up 
 If you could bottle my style and sell it to somebody 
 It probably will smell like cologne made out of bits of panther 
 They call me Anchorman, I hold down the ship 
 Leave you niggas floating in water, then go and drown a fish 
 Fuck, I'm fucking heinous, I make you fucking famous 
 Them lead showers is coming, fuck is you saying? 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 FUCK! It's fucking raining, SHIT! There's lightning, BITCH! 
 It's thundering cause I'm cussing up a storm if you wondering, SHIT! 
 SHIT! You couldn't muster up enough thought 
 To take a dump during a brain fart, chump 
 If you want urine in your face, all you had to do was say 
 That you wish you would've just stayed pissed off in the first place 
 We came to monopolize the game, Illuminati is here 
 Yeah, human oddities, at odds with us, your squad's gotta be 
 Cause we started out cold in a snowball, we froze 
 Soon as we rolled up on these hoes, all's we know 
 Is y'all lowered the bar like limbo, you know who you are 
 So quit fucking the dog before we start calling YOU Bizarre 
 Shit, screw the pooch, y'all done raped a pitbull 
 Fell in love with the shih-tzu, this missile's directed directly at you 
 And this for these hoes who don't know me from a can of paint 
 You must be huffing, fuck a ball sack 
 If the taints can't take you on a date, you mistake me for a gentleman 
 You 2000 and late, man, and Will I ain't, I'm the bad guy 
 Type of guy that will drag five girls up on stage 
 Pour ice in their pants, and the first one who pees gets a black eye 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Must be outta your mind 
 You think you fucking with us 
 Suck on these nuts, bitch, hang it up 
 This game is over 
  
 [Verse 3: Joell Ortiz] 
 Puffin' loosies, watching "I Love Lucy" with Gary Busey 
 Crazy, how the fuck could you son me? I'm Shady 
 Will there ever come a day when they could slay me? 
 I don't know, fifth month, black and yellow insect, maybe 
 'Til then I kill the bad man trying to slay me 
 Everything you kick weak, your spit kung fughesi 
 All my homeboys, 2.0 Boys 
 Nickel, I just picked up a Phantom, look how it rolls, Royce 
 Even if I wanted to quit, I ain't got no choice 
 Verses keep coming, I should invoice my own voice 
 You should see the kind of asses that my pole hoist 
 Hoes be like diamonds in your chain, man, so moiss 
 Bang bang, bang bang, House Gang, chainsaw 
 Here to kill you pussies, don't ask what we came for 
 I write until my right arm veins sore 
 Forearm feel like Thor's arm in a gang war 
 You hear that? Yaowa, you know who finna fall out 
 Definitively finish you, my fist take out that eyeball 
 Piranha mentality with a Jaws bite all night 
 Coming up, never saw light, but never lost sight 
  
 [Verse 4: Joe Budden] 
 Jets and movers, cesspoolers, meth abusers 
 You step to us, text Rugers to respect the shooters 
 My men think in sync, roll with the best crew 
 Move to the beat of the same drum without Lex Luger 
 Welcome to Nayhood, big in the 'jects, G 
 Cheated death multiple times without rigging the deck 
 So I'm well-prepped if you just want war 
 There will be blood everywhere, you be laying on the Louboutin floor 
 It's raw, you keeping acting like you don't know Mouse, nigga 
 And you going to need the best doctors, House nigga 
 Guard your jewels and avoid large tools 
 Cause after I spill you at the light, you be in a car pool 
 Keep your distance from idiots, cause the truth told 
 They food for thought's rotten, they gems are fool's gold 
 Need results from my actions, mistakes I'll exonerate 
 I'm Martin King staring at a picture of Obama's face 
 Talking funds, niggas ain't never seen stock 
 I don't need the key to the game, I pick a mean lock 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Must be outta your mind 
 You think you fucking with us 
 Suck on these nuts, bitch, hang it up 
 This game is over 
  
 [Verse 5: Crooked I] 
 Take off, you invited inside of the mind of 
 A psychotic rhymer, I'm kind of a (Dahmer) 
 I'm grinding up rappers are lining up jackers, I'm climbing up ladders 
 I buy enough clappers to retire you factors, fire at drama 
 You liars and actors, I'm the genuine article 
 But read me wrong, get my gun and split you to particles 
 (The gold hand) Tell me when and I'm there 
 Not only heir to the throne, but my chair is suspended in air 
 Stay fly like unlimited fare 
 You got us pegged wrong, my circle don't fit in with squares 
 I smell shit and piss, know where it's coming from 
 You stepped on number two just to be number one 
 Now I'm a step on you, bring it to your yard 
 Bogart for arts, we go hard 
 You frauds just blow hard like broads, I coast guard the West 
 I'm Mozart, I compose dark shit with no heart 
  
 [Verse 6: Yelawolf] 
 I got Jim Beam in the liver, getting head like clean clippers 
 With haters on my dick like a jeans zipper 
 When I throw up 16's like I drink liquor 
 You think you seen sick? Well, bitch, you ain't seen sicker 
 Than a cracker that will hop around in a hospital gown 
 Popping the trunk, my pump will stay cocking the round 
 I shit logs and I piss river brown 
 Cause I drink creek water and spit the river Nile 
 And that's as close as I get to a pyramid 
 Shit, they think I'm Illuminati, so fucking ignorant 
 Sick with a grin, here with this pen, so innocent 
 But when you win, they say you a sin, but in the end 
 They jump on the bandwagon and dance to the band playing 
 Skinny-ass pants sagging, it's only yourself you playing 
 Call me a clown, but you love what the clown's sanging 
 I'm a freak shows at the county carnival, then you paying 
 Bitch, I'm on a trapeze with no legs in the dark 
 Yelling "Go Shady!" Driving slower than an old lady 
 In an old '89, no piece if you pay me 
 Give me peace sign on my grill, no Mercedes 
 I'm getting paid for these shows that I throw lately 
 Same shows a year ago would have broken most of you crazies 
 They call me crazy cause I made it 
 Bitch, you crazy cause you quit, look at my clique lately 
 You ain't fucking with Budden, you ain't got no choice with Royce 
 You don't want to see the Crooked I, well, listen to Ortiz voice 
 That dirt road hit the 8 Mile, the point oh boys 
 And if Marshall want me to clap, then, homie, I deploy game over 
  
 [Outro: Eminem & Yelawolf] 
 Yo, I don't think they heard you, tell 'em again 
 Game over![Intro] 
 (I, I wanna grow up too) 
 "Uncle Marshall, will you tell us a bedtime story?" 
 Here we go! 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Now, once upon a time not long ago 
 There was a little rapper about to blow 
 But his album came, and it was not good 
 I think it went lead or double copper-wood 
 So these silly little fans, they were misled 
 By a nerdy Internet computer hip-hop head 
 "Me and you, Clef, we're gonna make some cash." 
 "Grab this silver paint and just paint my ass." 
 Hey, mister, would you care to bear witness to 
 The ass-whippin' I'm about to administer 
 To this ass-kissin' little vaginal blister? 
 Stanibus, little Marshall Mathers' sister 
 And in this corner, we have the "Mr 
 Not-Havin'-It," it's the Mad, sinister 
 Dr. Evil, with his bag of tricks for 
 This little antagonistic faggot 
 Dick-sucking ex-LL Cool J fan from Windsor 
 I'm 'bout to murder little Kenny-Fag-Kaniff-sta 
 You bastard, I ain't wanna have to diss ya 
 Canibus, where the fuck you at? I miss ya! 
  
 [Hook] 
 Canibitch, oh, Canibitch 
 Wherefore art thou, Canibitch? 
 Please tell me what happened with 
 That style that you were rappin' with 
 Canibitch, oh, Canibitch 
 Are you from Los Angeles 
 New York, or just a janitor 
 From Canada? Oh, Canibitch 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Now, at first, I ain't really understand this shit 
 Picture me, for a second, and imagine it 
 Chillin' in the Bat Mansion relaxin' when 
 All of a sudden some bullshit comes across the scanners, it's 
 Canibitch, on some 'Stan Lives' shit 
 It creeped me out at first; man, this is sick 
 But me, bein' just as sick, this conflict 
 Gets my dick harder than arithmetic 
 And I know how you jealous ones envy 
 I shoulda knew better from the first few letters you sent me 
 The first two letters, you were tellin' me shit like 
 You respect me, like any other regular MC 
 The third letter, you asked how come I ain't return 
 None of the messages at Shady Records you left me 
 The fourth letter: "Slim, you're really startin' to upset me." 
 The fifth letter told me you were comin' to get me 
 The sixth letter, there's a bomb threat on our building 
 This crazy motherfucker's really tryna kill me 
 So I went back and read the first few letters that said 
 Some shit about a message you left 
 Oh shit! That's not a E, that's an A! 
 This dude wants to leave me a 'massage,' he's gay! 
 Right away, I'm on the phone with Dr. Dre 
 "We got a bogey," "Marshall, I'm on the way." 
  
 [Hook] 
 Canibitch, oh, Canibitch 
 Wherefore art thou, Canibitch? 
 Please tell me what happened with 
 That style that you were rappin' with 
 Canibitch, oh, Canibitch 
 Are you from Los Angeles 
 New York, or just a janitor 
 From Canada? Oh, Canibitch 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 So, in two seconds flat, Dre's at my crib 
 Only thing is, we both know where this kid lives 
 And neither one of us have Canadian citizenship 
 "Shit. Oh, Dre, wait a minute, that's it! 
 All we gotta do is use a bit of turbo-boost 
 We can fly over the border!" "Let's Go!" [whoosh] 
 So we're off to Toronto and we're gainin' speed 
 "What was that? Oh, Jermaine Dupri." 
 "Fuck it," keep goin', no time to waste 
 "Wait, back up. Hit him one more time, in case." 
 "Okay," fuck, now he's draggin' under the car 
 "Oh well, only thirty more thousand miles!" 
 Meanwhile, me and Dre are tryna conversate 
 Just tryna find a reason for the constant hate 
 And tryna figure out what happened to 'Germaine Propane' 
 "He couldn't have fell off that hard." Ain't no way! 
 What happened to the way you was rappin' 
 When you was scandalous? 
 That Canibus turned into a television evangelist! 
 Plus, he raps with his regular voice 
 [Four impacts] "What was that?" "Pet Shop Boys." 
 So, we pull up to the bridge where he last was spotted 
 His corpse was still movin', but his ass was rotted 
 And he kinda smelled a little like Courtney Love 
 I figured if I stick him with a fork, he's done 
 So I stabbed him twice, kept jabbin'—Christ! 
 He won't die! This guy's like a battered wife! 
 He's like Kim: he keeps comin' back for more 
 But he won't fight back, I cracked his jaw 
 Hold up! 'Bis, quit foldin' up! 
 Punch me in the chest, make my shoulders touch 
 Do something! At least one punchline! 
 Come on! 'Til the meter reads Nine! Nine! Nine- 
 Ty nine percent of my fans are blond! 
 'Bis, come on, answer me, man, respond! 
 Tell me 'bout the sun, rain, moon and stars! 
 Intergalactical metaphors from Mars! 
 Raw to the floor, raw like Reservoir Dogs! 
 Bite another line from Redman's song! 
 Suddenly, the stub of a dead man's arm 
 From a midget reaches out from under the car 
 It's J.D.! This motherfucker won't die, neither! 
 Dre starts sprayin' him with cans of ether 
 We swamped the bitch in it; stomped the bitch again 
 "Compton!" "Detroit, bitch, talk some shit again!" 
 "Stomp him!" "Switch feet!" "Stomp him!" "Switch again!" 
 "Dre, all right, he's dead, dog, quit kickin' him! 
 I think Stanibus jumped off the bridge again!" ("Ahh!") 
 "Damn," "He disappeared, yo, he's gone, he did it again!" 
  
 [Hook] 
 Canibitch, oh, Canibitch 
 Wherefore art thou, Canibitch? 
 Please tell me what happened with 
 That style that you were rappin' with 
 Canibitch, oh, Canibitch 
 Are you from Los Angeles 
 New York, or just a janitor 
 From Canada? Oh, Canibitch[Vanessa (Miz-Korona)] 
 Man, I’m gettin' so sick and tired of fuckin' with this steel 
 They only give us 30 minutes to eat lunch and chill 
 My body achin' just to get a buck 
 I’m sick of eatin' this shit off this fuckin' lunch truck 
 Nasty-ass food, I’m in a nasty-ass mood 
 I should’ve called in sick, shit, I had somethin' to do 
  
 [Mike (Xzibit)] 
 I can’t believe that I’m hearing all this ravin' and rantin' 
 From Vanessa up in here at the New Detroit stampin' 
 You need to get your food and take your ass back to work 
 You're dreamin' if you think them corny-ass raps will work 
 Look at y’all standin' out here, freezin' like dumb fucks 
 Rappin' away for food off this ragedy lunch truck 
 Who want what? Who pumped up to get rolled up? 
 I spit venom in every direction, soak some up 
 Look at this fat-ass nigga, sloppy sucker 
 You're a ugly motherfucker, your pop should’ve wore a rubber 
 Stop rhymin', keep your day job, Vanessa 
 Next time leave that bullshit home on the dresser 
 Speaking of dresses, take a look at Paul the fruitcake 
 When you travel you probably pack panties in your suitcase 
 Made out of lace from Victoria’s secret 
 If ten men came in a cup you’d probably drink it 
  
 [Jimmy (Eminem)] 
 Okay, folks, enough with the gay jokes 
 Especially from a gay broke bitch yourself, hey lo' 
 This guy's a doo-doo 
 You've worked here longer than me 
 And I get paid more than you do 
 Dawg, take a seat 
 What’s this guy standing in line for? He ain’t got money to eat! 
 Check this out, yo yo 
 This guy cashed his whole check and bought one ho-ho 
 Fuckin' homo! Little maggot 
 You can’t hack it; Paul’s gay, you're a faggot 
 At least he admits it, don’t even risk it 
 This guy's starvin' to death, someone get him a biscuit! 
 I don’t know what they told you, Mike 
 You must had them cornrows rolled too tight 
 This job, you wanna quit, but you can’t 
 You’ve worked at this plant so long, you're a plant 
 Look at your goddamn boots! 
 For Christ sakes, they’re starting to grow roots! 
 On this mic you get faded 
 You look like a pissed-off rapper who never made it 
 And why you fuckin' with the gay guy, G? 
 When really you're the one who's got the HIV 
 Man, I’m done with this clown, he's soft 
 Fuck it, I’ll let homegirl finish you off 
  
 [Vanessa (Miz-Korona)] 
 A guy like you would never get a real woman 
 You jackass, go jack off; that's the only way you cumin'[Intro] 
 Oh! Yeah! So much for first single on this one 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Shady's the label, Aftermath is the stable 
 That the horses come out of—erra 
 Of course we're about to stir up 
 Some shit thick as Mrs. Buttersworth's syrup 
 It's the Mr. Picked-on-Christopher-Reeves-just-for-no-reason 
 Other than to—just to tease him 
 'Cause he was his biggest (*burp*) fan 
 He used to be Superman, now I'm pourin' 
 Liquor on the curb in his name for him 
 "Eminem, you wait 'til we meet up again, fucker 
 I'm kickin' your ass for everything you've ever said." 
 It goes one for the money, two for the fuckin' show 
 Ready, get set, let's go 
 Here comes the buckin' bronco 
 Stompin' and stampedin' up the damn street like them buffalo 
 Soldiers, I told ya I'm 'bout to blow, so look out below, Geronimo 
 Motherfuckers, it's dominoes, I'm on a roll 
 Around and around I go 
 When will I stop? I don't know 
 Tryin' to pick up where The Eminem Show left off 
 But I know anything's possible 
 Though I'm not gonna top what I sold 
 I'm at the top of my game, that shit is not gonna change 
 Long as I got Dr. Dre on my team I'll get away 
 With murder: I'm like O.J., he's like my Cochran today 
 We keep the Mark Fuhrman tapes 
 In a safe, locked 'em away (*slam*) 
 Better watch what you say 
 Just when you thought you were safe 
 Them fuckers got you on tape 
 You swear to God you was playin' 
 Whether or not you was little Joshua 
 Gosh, I wish I could've told you to not do the same 
 'Cause one day it could cost you your name 
  
 [Chorus] 
 And this was supposed to be my first single (*burp*) 
 But I just fucked that off so 
 Fuck it, let's all have fun, let's mingle (*burp*) 
 Slap a bitch and smack a ho 
 This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle (*fart*) 
 That you hear on your radio 
 But shit's about to hit the shingle (*fart*) 
 Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-no, erra 
 Oh, ah, erra, oh, ah, erra 
 Oh, ah, erra, oh-oh-ah-ah 
 Oh, ah, erra, oh, ah, erra 
 Oh, ah, erra, poo-poo-ka-ka 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Eri-Eri-Erick swallowed some generic sleeping pills 
 And woke up in bed next to his best friend Derrick, bare-naked 
 Jig-a-jig-ji-ji-Janean just turned 16 and used a fake ID 
 To sneak in V.I.P. to see R. Kelly 
 Hee-hee-hee-hee-hee-hee to be so young and naïve 
 Oh what I wouldn't give to live so Kim and carefree 
 Paris and Nicky's parents must be so tickled, they cherish 
 Every picture with their kids with hickeys all over their necks 
 Hickory-dickory Dirk Diggler, look at me work wizardry 
 With these words – am I a jerk or just jerk chicken? 
 Or chiga-chigga-chig-chig-jer-chig-jer jerkin' your chain 
 Twenty-two jerks in a jerk circle, or is it a circle jerk? 
 Wait a minute, what am I sayin'? Allow me to run it back 
 And rewind it {blblblblblblblb} – wait, let me ask you again 
 Am I just jerkin' your chain? Am I berserk or insane? 
 Or am I just one of them damn amateurs workin' the dang 
 Cameras, filmin' one of them Paris Hilton homemade 
 Pornos, who keeps tiltin' the lens at an angle 
 Jigga-ji-just recently somebody just discovered 
 Britney and Justin videotapes of 'em fuckin' 
 When they was just Mouseketeers in the Mickey Mouse Club 
 And dusted 'em and went straight to The Source with 'em 
 'Cause they could've sworn someone said, "Ni—" 
 And then tried to erase and record over it 
 But if you listen close enough to it you can hear the 
 "Ga-hu" and then they come to 
 Find out it was Justin sayin', "I'm gon—nuh cum!" 
 And this was supposed to be... 
  
 [Chorus] 
 ...my first single (*burp*) 
 But I just fucked that off so 
 Fuck it, let's all have fun, let's mingle (*burp*) 
 Slap a bitch and smack a ho 
 This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle (*fart*) 
 That you hear on your radio 
 But shit's about to hit the shingle (*fart*) 
 Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-no, erra 
 Oh, ah, erra, oh, ah, erra 
 Oh, ah, erra, oh-oh-ah-ah 
 Oh, ah, erra, oh, ah, erra 
 Oh, ah, erra, poo-poo-ka-ka 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Any opinions or somethin' you just wanna get off your chest 
 And address it about my lyrics I'd love to hear it 
 All you gotta do is pick up the phone and just dial up this number 
 It's 1-800-I'M-A-DICK-SUCKER-I'D-LOVE-TO-SUCK-A-DICK 
 And if someone picks up 
 You can talk all the shit you want about me 
 Just type in your number back and follow it by the pound key 
 And I'll be sure to get back as soon as there comes a day 
 That I fall out with Dre, wake up gay and make up with Ray (hey!) 
 So fuck a chicken, lick a chicken, suck a chicken, beat a chicken 
 Eat a chicken like it's a big cock, big-a-big-cock! 
 Or suck a dick, and lick a dick, and eat a dick, and stick a dick in your mouth 
 I'm done, you can fuck off, fuck-a-fuck-off! 
  
 [Chorus] 
 And this was supposed to be my first single (*burp*) 
 But I just fucked that off so 
 Fuck it, let's all have fun, let's mingle (*burp*) 
 Slap a bitch and smack a ho 
 This was supposed to be my catchy little jingle (*fart*) 
 That you hear on your radio 
 But shit's about to hit the shingle (*fart*) 
 Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-no, erra 
 Oh, ah, erra, oh, ah, erra 
 Oh, ah, erra, oh-oh-ah-ah 
 Oh, ah, erra, oh, ah, erra 
 Oh, ah, erra, poo-poo-ka-ka (*burp*)[Hook] 
 "I'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed" 
 "Low down dirty even" I'm low down and I'm shifty! 
 And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him 
 And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from 
 "I'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed" 
 "Low down dirty even" I'm low down and I'm shifty! 
 And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him 
 And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Warning, this shit's gon' be rated R, restricted 
 You see this bullet hole in my neck? It's self-inflicted 
 Doctor slapped my momma, "Bitch, you got a sick kid" 
 Arrested, molested myself and got convicted 
 Wearing visors, sunglasses and disguises 
 'Cause my split personality is having an identity crisis 
 I'm Dr. Hyde and Mr. Jekyll, disrespectful 
 Hearing voices in my head while these whispers echo 
 (Murder-murder, redrum) 
 Brain size of a bread crumb 
 Which drug will I end up dead from? 
 Inebriated 'til my stress is alleviated 
 "How in the fuck can Eminem and Shady be related?" 
 Illiterate, illegitimate shit spitter 
 Bitch getter, hid in the bush like Margot Kidder 
 Jumped out (RRRAH!), killed the bitch and did her 
 Used to let the babysitter suck my dick when I was littler 
 Smoke a blunt while I'm titty fucking Bette Midler 
 Sniper, waiting on your roof like the Fiddler 
 Y'all thought I was gonna rhyme with Riddler, didn't ya? 
 Bring your bitch, I wanna see if this dick gon' fit in her 
  
 [Hook] 
 "I'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed" 
 "Low down dirty even" I'm low down and I'm shifty! 
 And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him 
 And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from 
 "I'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed" 
 "Low down dirty even" I'm low down and I'm shifty! 
 And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him 
 And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I lace tunes, that's out this world like space moons 
 With a bunch crazed loons dismissin' brains like graze wounds 
 Nothing but idiots and misfits, dipshits 
 Doing whippets, passed out like sampler snippets 
 Where's the weed, I wanna tamper with it 
 I'ma let your grandpa hit it 
 Lace it up with cocaine so he can't forget it 
 Fuck it, maybe I'm a bum 
 But I was put on this earth to make your baby mama cum 
 So what I'm on is way beyond the rum 
 Or any alcoholic beverage, losing all of my leverage 
 Went up inside the First National Bank broke, and left rich 
 Walking bio-hazard causing wreckage, smoked out like Eckrich 
 Dandruff's making my neck itch, what the fuck? Give me the check bitch 
 You just lost your tip, there's a pubic hair in my breakfast 
 Got shit popping off like bottle cap tips 
 Get your cap peeled like the dead skin of your mama's chapped lips 
 Slap dips, support domestic violence 
 Beat your bitch's ass while your kids stare in silence 
 I'm just joking, is Dirty Dozen really dust smoking? 
 If all your shit's missing, then probably one of us broke in 
  
 [Hook] 
 "I'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed" 
 "Low down dirty even" I'm low down and I'm shifty! 
 And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him 
 And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from 
 "I'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed" 
 "Low down dirty even" I'm low down and I'm shifty! 
 And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him 
 And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 My head's ringing, like it was Spider Sense tingling 
 Blitzin' like Green Bay did when they shitted on New England 
 I'm out the game, put the second string in 
 This Brandy got me swinging, bobbing back and forth like a penguin (Allah, Allah) 
 Delinquent, choking microphones with broken English 
 Make your mama be like "Whoo, this is good! Who sings this?" 
 "Slim Shady, his tape is dope, I dug it 
 It's rugged, but he needs to quit talking all that drug shit" 
 It was predicted by a medic, I'd grow 
 To be an addicted diabetic, living on liquid Triaminic 
 Pathetic, but I don't think this headache's ever vanishing 
 Panicking, I think I might have just took too much Anacin 
 Frozen mannequin, posin' stiffer than a statue 
 I think I'm dying, God is that you? 
 Somebody help me, before I OD on an LP 
 Take me to ER ASAP for an IV 
 Motherfuck JLB, they don't support no hip hop 
 They say that's where it lives 
 The closest they gon' come is 2Pac 
 It's politics, it's all a fix 
 Set up for these white blue-collared hicks 
 It's to make a dollar off of black music 
 With a subliminal ball of tricks 
 For those who kiss ass and swallow dicks 
  
 [Hook] 
 "I'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed" 
 "Low down dirty even" I'm low down and I'm shifty! 
 And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him 
 And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from 
 "I'm low down and dirty, but not ashamed" 
 "Low down dirty even" I'm low down and I'm shifty! 
 And if you hear a man that sounds like me smack him 
 And ask him where the fuck did he get his damn raps from 
  
 [Produced by Da Brigade][Intro: Eminem] 
 Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise! 
 You ready to get this shit started or what? 
 Aight, well I brought some friends with me too 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Now I ain't back just for the sake of just saying I'm back 
 I could relax but I'd rather stack ammo on tracks 
 Couple Xanax, light a couple wax candles then black 
 Out and relapse 'til I yack Jack Daniels and 'gnac 
 Burp bubbles, attitude's immaturin' 
 Double shot of Bacardi, party, vision is blurrin' 
 Whoa-oh, I can't see shit, my words get to slurrin' 
 Uh-oh! You can call me R. Kelly now, you're in 
 Trouble! What's occurring befo', after, and during the show 
 Has no bearing on the bad news I'm bearing, whoa 
 What is it, wordplay? No, I'm pushing you out the do' 
 So suck my dick on the couch if you wanna cushion the blow 
 Now stomp your fucking feet 'til you get to squishing a ho 
 It's pandemonium, standing o when you see him, oh 
 Damn baby you look good, you're giving me wood 
 You should pull over like a sweatshirt with a hood 
 It's neck work, get her polly on, you and me both 
 Break bread while I'm copping over this game to pinch a loaf 
 Now homie who's your favorite pain in the ass? 
 Who claims to be spitting the same flames as me? I'm Kanye when he crashed 
 In other words I got the hood on smash like I stepped on the gas 
 Destroyed the front end 
 Deployed the damn airbags from the dash 
 Went through 'em and laughed 
 Came back an hour after the accident 
 And bit a goddamn Jawbreaker in half! 
 So stop faking the funk and start shaking your ass 
 Slaughterhouse in the house with the Caucasian of rap 
 And Just Blaze on the track, what's the fuck's more amazing than that? 
 Slut, answer me that, Royce where you at? 
  
 [Verse 2: Royce da 5’9”] 
 I'm right here Fire Marshall, verbal pair of pliers I pry apart you 
 Lump on your head designed by a bar stool 
 Designed by a cartoon 
 Before I need to be hired, Jimmy I'll fire Marshall 
 The 9 tucked against the lining 
 I pull it out and flip your partner upside-down 
 Like y'all are a couple 69ing 
 It's like Rick James is shooting up your house, nigga! 
 {rapid gunfire} FUCK YO' COUCH NIGGA! 
 You're screaming, "Fuck the world!" with your middle finger up 
 While I'm over here shoving my dick in a hole in the mud 
 My bitch know I'm perfectly fit for murder 
 Because I murdered her, so you can call me 
 Nickel to O.J. to Glove 
 I got a Posse of Insane Clowns 
 Blow your brains on your opposite ear 
 And ask you how your brain sounds 
 Bad, Evil, we go Alfred E. Neumann mad cerebral 
 You on your last burrito! 
 (What that mean Nickel?) It's a wrap if you eating 
 Get a beat then terrorize that bitch like I'm Middle Eastern 
 Slaughterhouse on FIRE, nobody touching that 
 Good day and good night, Ortiz, yo, where the FUCK you at? 
  
 [Verse 3: Joell Ortiz] 
 I'm right here in my Nike Airs, Buzz Light-years 
 Ahead of my mic peers, quite scary to look at a nightmare 
 Where my book at? I write fear in the heart of you tight squares 
 I harbor the art of my nice wear 
 It's type weird 'cause that made me hotter than my dear 
 Uncle Al's breath after polishing off his ninth beer 
 Homie chill, listen, I swear 
 I'm God, I give tracks a Holy-feel, and they bite ears 
 I'm right here, why wouldn't I be? 
 Just waiting to be hooked to IV as Mumm-Ra's 
 Well, when you look at my pee 
 And this joint no exception, so just point a direction 
 And record the pig's oink when I rip his intestine 
 This isn't just an infection 
 This won't go away with penicillin injections 
 Millions of questions arose 
 After they did an inspection, what I exhibit 
 Seems to be non-contagious yet anybody can get it 
 Aw shiddit, I did it again, when I liddift this pen 
 I emitted this phlegm, this time it's alongside Edimminem 
 So tell a friend to tell a friend write a disgusting hook 
 Jump in shark water and swim, yo where the fuck is Crook? 
  
 [Verse 4: Crooked I] 
 I'm right here letting the shotty pop, quick as a karate chop 
 Get your body shot, get your top chopped, like a lollipop 
 Call it Maserati drop, in the body shop 
 Get your mommy knocked 
 And your Uncle Tommy molli-wopped 
 I take your life to the ninth inning 
 A knife in the gunfight, I love it, me and my knife winning 
 I laugh when you fall, the shit'll be funny 
 I'll buy my bitch a new ass and watch her sit on my money 
 Man, all the bitches holla - they wanna drop my britches 
 Then jaw on my dick and swallow, leave drawers in this Impala 
 I ball like Iguodala 
 I bear more arms than 6 koalas 
 As soon as I draw, get sent to Allah 
 Bilinguist don, I kill with the tongue, I'm Atilla the Hun 
 I'm Genghis Khan, I'm a genius spawn 
 I pillage your village for fun, an egregious con 
 A syllable gun, real as they come, Long Beach Saddam! 
 Slaughterhouse equals swine flu, are South flying 
 We do it to try to do without tryin 
 (Slaughterhouse!) 'Cause to it's us it's so easy 
 Where's Jumpoff Joe Beezy?[Parking Lot Rapper #2 (Obie Trice)] 
 [?] use my voice to spit the fiery frame 
 Try and refrain, dying in vain 
 Soon as I reply in [?] 
 I be the nigga in the Shelter who be eyeing your chain 
  
 [Parking Lot Rapper #3 (Njeri Earth)] 
 Three-one-three area, bound to bury ya with vengeance 
 My rhymes sentences'll put an end to your existence with the rigorousness 
 Niggas, I'm serious, delirious, cause a curious... pause 
 The fury calls from my jaws from devouring y'all raw 
  
 [Future (Mekhi Phifer)] 
 You forced to listen to the individual, the metaphysical 
 The Mac Mitten, rhyme ritual, heterosexual 
 Syllables they sound complex to you, lines perplexing you 
 With words that could put a hex on you, snap that neck on you 
 Murder you, boil you, we keep a white boy or two 
 Let my man grab the mic, you see how Bunny Rabbit do 
  
 [B-Rabbit (Eminem)] 
 Your style is generic, mine's authentic made 
 I roll like a renegade, you need clinic aid 
 My technique's bizarre and ill; I scar and kill 
 You were a star until I served you like a bar and grill 
 As I proceed to cook and grill ya, that’s all it took to kill ya 
 You better recognize me like I look familiar 
 You wanna battle? You beat around the bush 
 Like you're scared to lick pussy so you eat around the tush 
 I need a clown to push, someone that I can bully 
 Wait a minute, I don’t think you understand fully 
 See me without a style's like mustard without the Heinz’s 
 I lead the new school, you're a Busta without the rhymes 
 I crush the shit out your line 
  
 [Sol George (Omar Benson Miller)] 
 Now I'm the Rashiki smoking the lick licky 
 Ten freaky girls inside The Chin Tiki 
 Girl, when you see me you better believe me 
 This ain't a game and pimping ain't easy 
 Anything goes when it comes to hoes 
 I'm the kingpin when it comes to flows 
 You better ask someone if you don't know 
 When you see me girl, say what up doe 
 Ten freaky girls, ten, ten, ten freaky girls[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Sandy Hook, Stoneman Douglas 
 Another lone-wolf gunman 
 Sometimes I don't know what this 
 World has come to, it's blowin' up 
 And this whole country is goin' nuts 
 And the NRA is in our way 
 They're responsible for this whole production 
 They hold the strings to control the puppets 
 And they threaten to take away donor bucks 
 So they know the government won't do nothin' 
 And no one's budgin', gun owners' clutchin' 
 Their loaded weapons 
 They love their guns more than our children 
 Shhh, think another one just entered in our buildin' 
 And we'll be— 
  
 [Chorus: Kehlani] 
 Ashes blowin' in the air 
 Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah 
 Wasted youth, always on the road 
 Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old 
 'Cause the skies are black 
 But our heart's made of gold 
 Fuck doin' what you're told 
 We're goin' nowhere fast 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I feel sorry for this beat, sympathy pains for this track 
 This road is takin' me back 
 Down memory lane with this rap 
 I can still look out in this crowd, be wowed and be taken aback 
 I'm simply stating a fact 
 I had Wembley Stadium packed 
 But now we're on a path headed to nowhere and fast 
 Another terrorist attacks 
 Like a tariff blows half of Madison Square up, alas 
 We perish in the blast 
 But that isn't scaring us, we pass 
 Nowhere we're fearless, 'cause we're just— 
  
 [Chorus: Kehlani & Eminem] 
 Ashes blowin' in the air 
 Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah 
 (We don't give a… no, no) 
 Wasted youth, always on the road 
 Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old 
 'Cause the skies are black 
 But our heart's made of gold (golden) 
 Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told) 
 Goin' nowhere fast 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Fuck doin' what you're told, act like a two-year-old 
 Shit is soon to go kaboom and blow 
 Anyways; for MC's it's a funeral 
 When I'm devisin' this rhyme 
 'Cause I'm awake and you're mourning 
 That's why I rise and I shine 
 Like a new day has dawned on me 
 Gusto, guts, bravado 
 Nuts and plus I kick up dust and cuss a lot 
 I musta got you in somewhat of a debacle 
 'Cause some stuff that's awful 
 Really don't mean nothin' although 
 There's a lot of shit I said in jest that's tough to swallow 
 But if at times my heart it seems 
 Like it's in the wrong place, it's probably 'cause it's on my sleeve 
 Keanu Reeves speed of life, avoid or veer 
 Or just steer toward it, we're only lookin' forward 
 But where we're goin' we have no idea 
 Nowhere to go, but hysterical, it's gettin' warm in here 
 I set the world on fire, was born to be an arsonist 
 Just one spark and it's lit 
 But I'ma still get dark on this shit 
 Told you I'd leave my mark on this bitch—war machine 
 But you forced me in a corner 
 I'm sure to have somethin' for your rear 
 And in the course of the assault as torture gets more severe 
 Go to war with me, you'll end up blew to Timbuktu 
 I send at you a ten-ton nuke like Kim Jong-Un 
 And end up ruinin' your career 
 But when all is said and done 
 And at the end of my run, I'll just rewind clocks, forever young 
 Make time stop, will I ever fall off? That day will never come 
 'Til the pine box, bitch fuck you! I'm better than I ever was 
 'Til the bomb drops, hope it never does 
 But I'm not gonna sweat it 'cause 
 This world's screwed, it's already fucked 
 And I'm on top, so everyone's just— 
  
 [Chorus: Kehlani & Eminem] 
 Ashes blowin' in the air (so we're…) 
 Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah 
 (We don't give a… no, no) 
 Wasted youth, always on the road 
 Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old 
 'Cause the skies are black 
 But our heart's made of gold (golden) 
 Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told) 
 We're goin' nowhere fast 
  
 [Post-Chorus: Kehlani] 
 'Cause we're goin' no, goin' no 
 Goin' no, goin' no, goin' no 
 Goin' nowhere (We're on the run of our lives) 
 Going nowhere fast 
  
 [Bridge: Eminem & Kehlani] 
 You can't tell us nothin' 
 Hard-headed and we're stubborn 
 So, one ear and out the other 
 When we're young, we're young 
 (We're on the run of our lives) 
 Who knows what the future for us could hold 
 Another shooter? Uh-oh 
 No more tomorrows, we're done 
 And all we are is— 
  
 [Chorus: Kehlani & Eminem] 
 Ashes blowin' in the air (so we're…) 
 Our world's on fire, but we don't care (don't care, yeah) 
 (We don't give a… no, no) 
 Wasted youth, always on the road 
 Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old 
 'Cause the skies are black 
 But our heart's made of gold (golden) 
 Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told) 
 We're goin' nowhere fast 
  
 [Post-Chorus: Kehlani] 
 'Cause we're goin' no, goin' no 
 Goin' no, goin' no, goin' no 
 Goin' nowhere (we're on the run of our lives) 
 Goin' nowhere fast[Intro: Proof & Eminem] 
 Check it out! 
 Hey, Kyu! 
  
 [Hook: Eye-Kyu] 
 It's a broke day, but everything is okay 
 I'm up all night, but everything is alright 
 It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep 
 It's a long year, pretendin' I belong here 
 It's a broke day, but everything is okay 
 I'm up all night, but everything is alright 
 It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep 
 It's a long year, pretendin' I belong here 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 One day I plan to be a family man, happily married 
 I want to grow to be so old that I have to be carried 
 'Til I'm glad to be buried, and leave this crazy world 
 And have at least a half a million for my baby girl 
 It may be early to be plannin' this stuff 
 'Cause I'm still strugglin' hard to be the man, and it's tough 
 'Cause man, it's been rough, but still I manage enough 
 I've been taken advantage of 
 Damaged and scuffed, my hands have been cuffed 
 But I don't panic and huff, frantic and puff, or plan to give up 
 The minute shit hits the fan, it erupts 
 I'm antein' up, double or nothin' 
 I've been troubled enough and 
 I'm sick of strugglin' and sufferin' 
 See, my destiny's to rest at ease 
 'Til I'm impressed and pleased 
 With my progress I won't settle for less than cheese 
 I'm on a quest to seize all, my own label to call 
 Way before my baby is able to crawl 
 I'm too stable to fall, the pressure motivates 
 To know I hold the weight of boulders on my shoulder blades 
 I see the golden gates to Heaven on Earth 
 Where they don't pull a weapon on you 
 When you're steppin' on turf, Kyu 
  
 [Hook: Eye-Kyu] 
 It's a broke day, but everything is okay 
 I'm up all night, but everything is alright 
 It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep 
 It's a long year, pretendin' I belong here 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I'm goin' for broke, gamblin' and playin' for keeps 
 Every day in the streets, scramblin' and payin' for cheap 
 Prayin' for sleep, dreamin' with a waterin' mouth 
 Wishin' for a better life for my daughter and spouse 
 In this slaughterin' house 
 Caught up in bouts with the root of all evil 
 I've seen it turn beautiful people crude and deceitful 
 And make them do shit illegal for these Grants and Jacksons 
 These transactions explain a man's actions 
 But in the midst of this insanity, I found my Christianity 
 Through God and there's a wish he granted me 
 He showed me how to cope with the stress 
 And hope for the best, instead of mope and depressed 
 Always gropin' a mess of flyin' over the nest 
 To sellin' dope with the rest 
 I quit smokin' cess to open my chest 
 Life is stressful inside this cesspool 
 Tryin' to wrestle, I almost bust a blood vessel 
 My little brother's tryin' to learn his mathematics 
 He's asthmatic, runnin' home from school away from crack addicts 
 Kids attract static, children with automatics 
 Takin' target practice on teens for Starter jackets 
 I'm usin' smarter tactics to overcome this slum 
 I won't become as dumb as some and succumb to scum 
 It's cumbersome, I'm tryin' to do well on this Earth 
 But it's been hell on this Earth since I fell on this Earth 
  
 [Hook: Eye-Kyu] 
 It's a broke day, but everything is okay 
 I'm up all night, but everything is alright 
 It's a rough week, and I don't get enough sleep 
 It's a long year, pretendin' I belong here[Intro] 
 Yeah, boy 
 Them better ring the alarm, boy 
 Them know what's coming, boy 
 Buh! Buh-Buh! Haha 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Oh my God, fuckin' bumbaclot 
 I'm hard as Kenard, the little boy who shot Omar in The Wire 
 Tie a whore up with barbed wire, you're nothing but a brah, boy 
 I'm the real deal, and Charbroiler on the bonfire 
 And bon voyage, bitch, I'm like Chef Boyardee in this bitch 
 Send a bomb to my mom's lawyer 
 I'm a problem for you, boy, you think you're Tom Sawyer 
 Until I pull you out the fuckin' storybook and stomp on ya 
 Fuckin' fictitional characters and fairy tales 
 Prepare yourself for Captain America on Ferris wheels 
 But it ain't fiction, it's fact, boy, beware, it's real 
 Them lyrics you wield equal zero to a hero's shield 
 Mr. Fly by the seat of his pants parasail 
 Fall, hit the trampoline, bounce, and grab a pair of stilts 
 And I ain't wearing zilch, zip, zero, nothing; no, nada 
 Like your father fucking your mother 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 (Please don't drop the bomb on me 
 Shady, please, please don't drop the bomb on me) 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 (I don't want no doggone beef, see 
 Ain't no reason to sick the dogs on me) 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 (Please don't drop the bomb on me 
 Shady, please, please don't drop the bomb on me) 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 (I don't want no doggone beef, see 
 Ain't no reason to sick the dogs on me) 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Boy, I'm the Real McCoy, you little boys can't even fill voids 
 Party's over, kids, kill the noise, here come the killjoys 
 Me and Dre the steel alloys, the rap Crown Royals 
 That scalp cowboys, now, how that sound for you? 
 Yeah, boy, you know we're about to put it down for you 
 So kick your shoes off in the foyer, have a sound voyage 
 And sayonara, see you fuckers tomorrow 
 Get some R&R and marinate in some marinara 
 And have a Coke and a smile, don't make me open a jar 
 Of whoop-ass on you, that's the last straw you're hopin' to draw 
 Yeah, you're fresher than most, boy, I'm just doper than all 
 Boy, I'm that boy, boy, them boys, them no up to par 
 I just show up, go up to the stage, and blow up the spot 
 There ain't no boy who can do what I do, boy, I'm a star 
 Boy, I told you, boy, I'm a soldier boy, I'm Deshaun 
 Holton in this bitch, I'm the Proof, boy, you're a fraud 
 I'll destroy you, boy, fuck around and blow you to sod 
 Oh my God, boy, you didn't go there, no, you did not 
 I got a whole storyboard for you, boy, you're the plot 
 You're gettin' got, whether you try to avoid it or not 
 Apology not accepted, boy, Detroit is a rock 
 We get to beefin', ain't no tellin' at what point it'll stop 
 All I got to do is point to the spot 
 When the bomb drops, boy, does it drop 
 And when it does, boy, there's a problem 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 (Please don't drop the bomb on me 
 Shady, please, please don't drop the bomb on me) 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 (I don't want no doggone beef, see 
 Ain't no reason to sick the dogs on me) 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 (Please don't drop the bomb on me 
 Shady, please, please don't drop the bomb on me) 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 (I don't want no doggone beef, see 
 Ain't no reason to sick the dogs on me) 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Boy, don't jinx yourself, boy, I'm Micheal Spinks with the belt 
 Stringer Bell, boy, my name rings bells for itself 
 I'm sick as hell, boy, you better run and tell someone else 
 Bringin' hell, boy, sing 'em telegrams and get dealt 
 And to that boy on them sedative meds who said he was better 
 I bet he never seen Freddy in a black and red little sweater 
 Back, better than ever, the cheddar shredder, the grater 
 The beef grinder, I'll settle vendettas a little later 
 Givin' haters incubators, think you made a mistake 
 By saying Shady was ghost, I ain't even close to the gate 
 You got one foot in the grave, just stay put and behave 
 I'm 'bout to turn this fuckin' place to Beirut in a day 
 So, hey, wouldn't you say I'm the shit? 
 Couldn't agree with you more 
 If you were to say that my fuckin' shit doesn't stink 
 Shady-fuckin'-Aftermath, boy, the ship doesn't sink 
 It just floats in the fuckin' water 'til we fill up the tank 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 (Please don't drop the bomb on me 
 Shady, please, please don't drop the bomb on me) 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 (I don't want no doggone beef, see 
 Ain't no reason to sick the dogs on me) 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 (Please don't drop the bomb on me 
 Shady, please, please don't drop the bomb on me) 
 Drop the bomb on 'em 
 (I don't want no doggone beef, see 
 Ain't no reason to sick the dogs on me)[Scratches: DJ Lenn Swann] 
 "All I see is murder murder, my mindstate" 
 "Makes it too late for cops to try and stop the crime rate" 
 "All I see is murder murder, my mindstate" 
 "Murder, murder, murder and kill, kill, kill" 
 "All I see is murder murder, my mindstate" 
 "Makes it too late for cops to try and stop the crime rate" 
 "All I see is murder murder, my mindstate" 
 "Murder, murder, murder and kill, kill, kill" 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Left the keys in the van with a gat in each hand 
 Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman 
 Fuck a peace plan if a citizen bystands 
 The shit is in my hands, here's your lifespan 
 And for what your life's worth, this money is twice than 
 Grab a couple grand and lay up in Iceland 
 See, I'm a nice man, but money turned me to Satan 
 I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin' 
 Hurry up with the cash, bitch, I got a ride waitin' 
 Shot a man twice in the back when he tried skatin' 
 I want the whole pie, I won't be denied Nathan 
 Maybe I need my head inside straightened 
 Brain contemplatin', clean out the register 
 Dip before somebody catches ya 
 Or gets your description and sketches ya 
 Then connects you as the prime suspect 
 But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet 
 'Cause I got a daughter to feed 
 And two hundred dollars ain't enough to water the seed 
 The best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell 
 And hit up Chess King and have the lady at the desk bring 
 Money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin' a MAC 
 Co-operate and we can operate and save an attack 
 This bitch tried escapin' the jack 
 Grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote 
 You barely heard a word as she choked 
 It wasn't nothin' for her to be smoked 
 Then I slammed her on her back 'til her vertebrae broke 
 Just then the pigs bust in yellin', "Freeze!" 
 But I'm already wanted for sellin' ki's 
 And a bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin' bees 
 So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees 
 I bust shots, they bust back 
 Hit me square in the chest, wasn't wearin' a vest 
  
 [Scratches: DJ Lenn Swann] 
 "All I see is murder murder, my mindstate" 
 "Makes it too late for cops to try and stop the crime rate" 
 "All I see is murder murder, my mindstate" 
 "Murder, murder, murder and kill, kill, kill" 
 "All I see is murder murder, my mindstate" 
 "Makes it too late for cops to try and stop the crime rate" 
 "All I see is murder murder, my mindstate" 
 "Murder, murder, murder and kill, kill, kill" 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Left the house, pullin' out the drive, backin' out 
 Blew the back end out this lady's Jag, started blackin' out 
 Pulled the MAC-10 out 
 Stuck it in her face: "Shut your yackin' mouth 
 'Fore I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp!" 
 Drug her by her hair, smacked her up 
 Figured, "Fuck it—mug her while you're there," jacked her up 
 Stole her car and made a profit 
 Grabbed the tape from out the deck and loft it 
 Out the window like the girl in Set It Off did 
 Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal 
 Drove it through somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin' pool 
 Climbed out and collapsed on the patio 
 I made it out alive, but I'm injured badly though 
 Parents screamin', "Johnny, go in and call the police! 
 Tell 'em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!" 
 Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up 
 Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff 
 Actin' like they never seen nobody hit a lick before 
 Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo 64 
 When they sell out in stores, the price triples 
 I ran up the block jumpin' kids on tricycles 
 And collided with an eighty-year-old lady with groceries 
 There goes cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties 
 Stood up and started to see stars 
 Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars 
 Barely escaped, musta been some dumb luck 
 Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin' dump truck 
 But I think somebody seen me maybe 
 Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I musta dropped a Beanie Baby 
 Fuck it, I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits 
 Came out with a white flag hollerin', "truce-truce!"(Don't shoot!) 
 And surrendered my weapon to cops 
 Wasn't me, it was the gangster rap and the peppermint Schnapps 
  
 [Scratches: DJ Lenn Swann] 
 "All I see is murder murder, my mindstate" 
 "Makes it too late for cops to try and stop the crime rate" 
 "All I see is murder murder, my mindstate" 
 "Murder, murder, murder and kill, kill, kill"[Intro] 
 Lyrics comin' at you at supersonic speed (J.J. Fad) 
  
 [Verse] 
 Uh, summa-lumma, dooma-lumma, you assumin' I'm a human 
 What I gotta do to get it through to you I'm superhuman? 
 Innovative and I'm made of rubber so that anything you say is ricochetin' off of me and it'll glue to you and 
 I'm devastating, more than ever demonstrating 
 How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating 
 Never fading, and I know the haters are forever waiting 
 For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating 
 'Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated 
 I make elevating music, you make elevator music[Intro] 
 Yo, Dre Man 
 Make my vocals sound sexy... woo! 
 Come on, man, come on, man, okay 
  
 [Chorus] 
 It feels so wrong 'cause it feels so right 
 But it's all right, it's okay with me 
 I'll do my steps all by myself 
 I don't need nobody to play with me 
 But if you just give me a chance 
 I can put you in a trance the way I dance 
 But don't nobody wanna play with me 
 So I'm taking my ball and going home, home 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I'm that guy man, shove a diamond up my hind end 
 And crush it with my butt muscles while I cut vocals 
 Slut poke holes in ya shirt, jump in mud puddles 
 While I stomp mudholes in ya ass girl, now let's cuddle 
 Blood curdlin', you're gurglin' on your blood, what'll 
 I do for my next trick? I'm feelin' wonderful 
 I think I might just do somethin' a little less subtle 
 Shove a fuckin' Tonka truck up a little kid's butthole 
 Feel the wrath of a psychopath slash ambassador 
 Of the Valentine's Day Massacre slash assassin 
 I slash her in the ass with a icicle 
 And leave her layin' a blood bath while I 
 Put a catheter in and jump in the bath with her 
 In my Spider-Man mask, man 
 Just imagine the fun I can have with a strap-on 
 Stick it up Kim Kardashian's ass and make the bitch run a triathlon 
 Are those pistachios? Damn, I'd like to have some 
 Laying on the patio, man, rolling a fat one 
 Shady, drop the magic marker, put the cap on 
 Goddamn, man, are you that much of an asshole? 
  
 [Chorus] 
 It feels so wrong 'cause it feels so right 
 But it's all right, it's okay with me 
 I'll do my steps all by myself 
 I don't need nobody to play with me 
 But if you just give me a chance 
 I can put you in a trance the way I dance 
 But don't nobody wanna play with me 
 So I'm taking my ball and going home, home 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I'm like Houdini, tuck my teenie eenie weenie between each 
 One of my thighs and make it disappear like a genie 
 Make the shit disappear like Tara Reid in a bikini 
 Believe me, homie, you don't know the meaning of a meanie 
 They call me the fruit loop from Jupiter 
 I'm tryna maneuver the Hoover up in your poop shoot 
 Don't move or ya might get it stuck so fuckin' far up in your uvula 
 You ain't gonna know what he was tryna do to ya gluteus 
 Totally tubular, sniffin' glue through a tube in the studio 
 Now who do ya think is more fruitier? 
 Wiener smothered in peanut butter, puttin' on a tube of ya 
 Eye shadow and man, it looked nice, you should've seen it, mother 
 I think I'll put a piece of art on my Visa card 
 Then I'll go beat Mischa Barton with a Cuisinart 
 Then mosey on over to Rosie O'Donnell's with McDonald's 
 Jump on her lap and watch The Sopranos 
  
 [Chorus] 
 It feels so wrong 'cause it feels so right 
 But it's all right, it's okay with me 
 I'll do my steps all by myself 
 I don't need nobody to play with me 
 But if you just give me a chance 
 I can put you in a trance the way I dance 
 But don't nobody wanna play with me 
 So I'm taking my ball and going home, home 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Shady, what are you doin' chewin' on a human? 
 Grab an aluminum bat, hit Heidi Klum in the back, boom! 
 And assumin' the fact that that dude's in the back room 
 Usin' the bathroom, vacuumin' a raccoon 
 Skewin' a rat, a cat screwin' a baboon 
 You shouldn't ask what is he doin' with that broom 
 You should be glad he ain't leave you full of stab wounds 
 You in a trance, I'm back doing my dance, ooh 
 But they're afraid I might get Sarah Palin by the hair 
 And make her wear a bathin' suit and take her parasailin' 
 Shady, why do you gotta pick on the lady for? 
 Why you make her read 84 bedtime stories to you in baby talk? 
 'Cause I'm scared there's monsters under my bed 
 Kellie Pickler hid my juice box under my bassinet 
 No wonder my ass is wet, my diaper needs to be changed 
 You like graffiti, dyke? Well, I can pee-pee and write your name 
  
 [Chorus] 
 It feels so wrong 'cause it feels so right 
 But it's all right, it's okay with me 
 I'll do my steps all by myself 
 I don't need nobody to play with me 
 But if you just give me a chance 
 I can put you in a trance the way I dance 
 But don't nobody wanna play with me 
 So I'm taking my ball and going home, home 
  
 [Outro] 
 Fine, nobody wants to play with me? 
 Fuck you then, bitch! 
 You guys are always mean to me anyways 
 All you ever do is rub gum in my hair and stuff 
 You guys are gonna make me... make me sad, I'm sad 
 I'm gonna cry... I'm crying 
 I'm going to tell my mom... Mom![Produced by Mr. Walt of Da Beatminerz] 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Hi! Original Bad Boy on the case, cover your face 
 Came in the place, blowed, and sprayed Puffy with mace 
 I laced the weed with insect repellant, better check the smelly 
 Eminem starts with E, better check the spellin' 
 With a capital, somebody grab me a Snapple 
 I got an aspirin capsule trapped in my Adam's apple 
 Somebody dropped me on my head, and I'm for sure 
 That my mother did it, but the bitch won't admit it was her 
 I slit her stomach open with a scalpel when she was six months 
 And said "I'm ready now, bitch! Ain't you feelin' these kicks, cunt?" 
 The world ain't ready for me yet, I can tell 
 I'll probably have a cell next to the furnace in Hell 
 I'm sicker than sperm cells with syphilis germs 
 And I'm hotter than my dick is when I piss and it burns 
 I kick you in the tummy until you sick to your stomach 
 And vomit so much blood that your clothes stick to you from it 
 Hit you in the head with a brick 'til you plummet 
 If y'all don't like me, you can suck my dick 'til you numb it 
 And all that gibberish you was spittin', you need to kill it 
 ‘Cause your style is like dying in my sleep; I don't feel it 
  
 [Hook] 
 ‘Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
 For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills, and a minithin 
 Is fuckin' crazy – you hear me? Huh? 
 Is fuckin' crazy – hello, hi! 
 ‘Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
 For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin 
 Is fuckin' crazy – do you hear me? Is fuckin' crazy 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I'm ice-grillin' you, starin' you down with a gremlin grin 
 I'm Eminem, you're a fag in a women's gym 
 I'm Slim, the Shady is really a fake alias 
 To save me with in case I get chased by space aliens 
 A brainiac, with a cranium packed 
 Full of more uranium than a maniac Saudi Arabian 
 A highly combustible head 
 Spasmatic, strapped to a Craftmatic adjustable bed 
 Laid up in the hospital in critical condition 
 I flatlined, jumped up, and ran from the mortician 
 High speed, IV full of Thai weed 
 Lookin' Chinese with my knees stuck together like Siamese 
 Twins, joined at the groin like lesbians 
 Uhh, pins and needles, hypodermic needles and pins 
 I hope God forgives me for my sins 
 It probably all depends on if I keep on killin' my girlfriends 
  
 [Hook] 
 ‘Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
 For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills, and a minithin 
 Is fuckin' crazy – you hear me? Ha? 
 Is fuckin' crazy – hello, hi! 
 ‘Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
 For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin 
 Is fuckin' crazy – do you hear me? Is fuckin' crazy 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Last night I O.D.'d on rush, mushrooms and dust 
 And got rushed to the hospital to get my system flushed 
 (Shucks!) I'm an alcoholic, and that's all I can say 
 I call in at work, ‘cause all I do is frolic and play 
 I swallow grenades, and take about a bottle a day 
 Of Tylenol 3, and talk about how violent I'll be (RRARRRRH) 
 Give me eleven Excedrin, my head'll spin 
 Medicine'll get me revvin' like a 747 jet engine 
 Scratched my balls 'til I shred the skin 
 "Doctor, check this rash! Look how red it's been!" 
 "It's probably AIDS!" "Forget it then." 
 I strike a still pose and hit you with some ill flows 
 That don't even make sense, like dykes using dildos 
 So reach in your billfolds for ten ducats 
 And pick up this Slim Shady shit that's on Rawkus 
 "Somethin', somethin', somethin', somethin', I get weeded." 
 My daughter scribbled over that rhyme, I couldn't read it 
  
 [Hook] 
 ‘Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
 For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills, and a minithin 
 Is fuckin' crazy – you hear me? Ha? 
 Is fuckin' crazy – hello?! 
 ‘Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan 
 For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin 
 Is fuckin' crazy – do you hear me? Is fuckin' crazy 
  
 [Outro] 
 Hi, something's not right 
 I'm sorry, I'm mentally retarded 
 Slim Shady, I think that's my name 
 Rawkus Records, fuckin' crazy 
 Do you hear us? We're fuckin' crazy! 
 All of us! Hi… bye… goodnight, somethin'[Produced by Mr. Porter] 
  
 [Intro] 
 Hey yo, what's up, man? 
 Hey yo, you been here all day, man 
 Y'all been here every weekend, man 
 I don't ever get a chance to rap first, man! 
 That's 'cause you wack! 
 What?!? I ain't wack, nigga, I got some raps for all y'all 
 Nigga, my raps fresh, I'ma bust my raps first 
 You can bust yours after me if you want to 
 No, no, man, I'm goin' first 
 I'm gettin' tired of everybody wantin' to go first, man 
 You always rap first, I'm rappin' 
 I don't care what none of y'all say; I'm fresh, I'm fresh 
  
 [Hook: Thyme] 
 Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic 
 And said that you can flow? 
 Point him out! Man, I wanna know 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic 
 And said that you can flow? 
 "I wanna know, I wanna know" 
 I said who the fuck passed you the mic 
 And said that you can flow? 
 Point him out! Bitch, I wanna know 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic 
 And said that you can flow? 
 "I wanna know, I wanna know" 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I'll have you taken back to Christ when you're sacrificed 
 The way you're hacked and sliced 
 When I fill your back with knives 
 Jackin' life's of MC's, now I'm set to launch a plan 
 For blowin' up the stage with illegal contraband 
 I stomped your man, so unless you want what he got 
 You better set the mic down, I'm steamin' like a teapot 
 I make the D hot, people get in my face and ask 
 If I wanna battle, then I chase them in a Jason mask 
 It's an amazin' task to battle with success 
 I never gave a fuck, now I give a fuck less 
 And win a slug fest, I get physical like physicians 
 Invisible like magicians with mystical mic traditions 
 Wicked wizardry like a sorcerer, no remorse for you 
 When I torture you throughout the course of my orchestra 
 So feel the force of my spiritual images 
 Slicin' up an enemy's appendages 'til he hemorrhages 
 My skin itches every time a rapper recites 
 And when he's through with his verse 
 I'm all covered in flea bites 
 You wanna see fights, I got a match for ya 
 You couldn't flip shit playin' in toilets with a spatula 
  
 [Hook: Thyme] 
 Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic 
 And said that you can flow? 
 Point him out! Man, I wanna know 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic 
 And said that you can flow? 
 "I wanna know, I wanna know" 
 I said who the fuck passed you the mic 
 And said that you can flow? 
 Point him out! Bitch, I wanna know 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic 
 And said that you can flow? 
 "I wanna know, I wanna know" 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 You bitches get a hysterectomy disrespectin' me 
 You wanna feel the full effect of me, hand a TEC to me 
 Intellectually superior, I'll make the whack wearier 
 Inferior, deteriorate, like bacteria 
 Materially, killin' serially, clearly you'll see 
 How much in fear when you hear me you'll be 
 Shiver and shake, quiver and quake 
 Bite a rhyme and feel your jaw get stiffer and ache 
 Wither and break, you slitherin' snake 
 Gibberin' fake, fibber and flake 
 I'll twist you in a different shape 
 And toss you in Michigan Lake, for fisherman sake 
 If this is a dream, you wish you can wake 
 Every diss you can take, personal 
 We ain't friends tryin' to make amends 
 If you ain't ever stole a gate you can take offense 
 I make intense masterpieces 
 And smash to pieces your last releases 
 You pass diseases, that's the reason 
 I'm showin' you the proper way to 
 Operate a mic, so pass it like a hot potato 
 I've never been less than clever and fresh 
 Severin' flesh of fools who never impressed ever infest 
  
 [Hook: Thyme] 
 Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic 
 And said that you can flow? 
 Point him out! Man, I wanna know 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic 
 And said that you can flow? 
 "I wanna know, I wanna know" 
 I said who the fuck passed you the mic 
 And said that you can flow? 
 Point him out! Bitch, I wanna know 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic 
 And said that you can flow? 
 "I wanna know, I wanna know" 
  
 [Outro: Thyme] 
 Whhhooo the fuck passed you the mic 
 And said that you can flow?! 
 Point him out! I wanna know 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic 
 And said that you can flow? 
 "I wanna know, I wanna know" 
 (Ayo, let me get that mic, man) 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic 
 And said that you can flow? 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic?! 
 Who the fuck passed you the mic?! 
 (I got the rhymes, bitch, I'll kick that shit)[Intro: Announcer from Soul Calibur] 
 Welcome back to the stage of history 
  
 (Yo, Slim Shady!) 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Yo, I'll fuckin', I'll... I'll puke, eat it, and freak you 
 Battle? I'm too weeded to speak to, The only key that I see to defeat you 
 Would be for me to remove these two Adidas and beat you 
 And force feed you 'em both, and on each feet is a cleat shoe 
 I'll lift you off your feet so fast with a roundhouse 
 You'll think I pulled the fucking ground out from underneath you 
 (Bitch!) I ain't no fucking G, I'm a cannibal 
 I ain't tryin' to shoot you, I'm tryin' to chop you into pieces and eat you 
 Wrap you in rope and plastic, stab you with broken glass 
 And have you with open gashes strapped to a soakin' mattress 
 Coke and acid, black magic, cloaks and daggers 
 Fuck the planet 'til it spins on a broken axis 
 I'm so bananas I'm showing up to your open casket 
 To fill it full of explosive gasses and close it back 
 With a lit match in it while I sit back and just hope it catches 
 Blow you to fragments, laugh, roll you, and smoke the ashes 
  
 [Hook: J-Black] 
 I see the light at the end 
 But every time I take a step it gets dim 
 Tell me, is this Hell we're livin' in? 
 If so, Heaven's got to be better 
 But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down 
 I see the light at the end 
 But every time I take a step it gets dim 
 Tell me, is this Hell we're livin' in? 
 If so, Heaven's got to be better 
 But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down 
  
 [Verse 2: J-Black] 
 Am I the worst because I never go to church? 
 I run a red light then sideswipe a hearse 
 I'ma drink till my liver rot, see the doc leave the E.R 
 Then hit a bar for a liquor shot; fuck the liver spot! 
 One day we all gon' die 
 But when I die, I'ma be so high 
 That I'ma get up and walk, leaving the concrete bare 
 With the chalk outline still there 
 I smoke 'til I choke and I sex a lot 
 I got a cross on my chain, but it's just to rock 
 Now if I pray every night 
 Do I still have to hold my tre very tight? 
 You feel me, God? I done did so much shit while on Earth 
 I smoke, I drink, I curse, and to make matters worse 
 I bust my gun first, and then I chat with your corpse 
 Since way back, I was one to never like back-talk 
 See me at the pearly gates in line, wearing a North Face 
 Nickle 9 at my waist, God done lost faith 
 Angels greet me, but I don't reply back 
 Just show me to my quarters, and oh yeah, where's Thai at? 
  
 [Hook: J-Black] 
 I see the light at the end 
 But every time I take a step it gets dim 
 Tell me, is this Hell we're livin' in? 
 If so, Heaven's got to be better 
 But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down 
  
 [Interlude: Announcer] 
 Maxi was seriously wounded 
 But the soul still burns 
 Final battle, fight! 
  
 [Verse 3: Masta Ace] 
 Analyze the strength of my game, like Lee Corso 
 Call me a lost soul, with a vest on my torso 
 And of course, yo, y'all know I'm no stranger to danger 
 Like Christ in a manger, feel a whole range of my anger 
 I breathe down shit so hard you can see sound 
 And beat down these rap clowns in like three rounds 
 My pen 'bout as sharp as a dagger, walk with a swagger 
 Tie your wife to the back of a black Jag and I drag her 
 Ten blocks, untie the bitch, and I still bag her 
 Give her a smack in the ass and a six pack of lager 
 My shit go as deep and as dark as a train tunnel 
 My flows spill, like using the wrong end of a funnel 
 Everyday I grow more older and more colder 
 Fly you to Colorado, roll you over with a boulder 
 I know you want to retaliate but you won't dare, ‘cause you fucking with some niggas like this who just don't care 
  
 [Hook: J-Black] 
 I see the light at the end 
 But every time I take a step it gets dim 
 Tell me, is this Hell we're livin' in? 
 If so, Heaven's got to be better 
 But if we're hellbound, whatever, let's go down 
  
 [Outro: Announcer] 
 Time's up! You lose! 
  
 Gotham!Yeah 
 Damn girl 
 Do I drive you crazy? 
 You make me crazy, too 
 You make me do things 
 I normally wouldn't do 
 You make me feel things 
 That I never felt 
 You gotta be the real thing 
 ’Cause you remind me of myselfQ: Why don't you smile? 
 A: ain't shit funny 
  
 Q: Where is the toy warehouse? 
 A:  google that shit 
  
 Q: Do you put Nutella on your waffles in the morning ? 
 A:  í've been doing the berzerk face for two months straight 
  
 Q: Hi! Which person from history, do you most admire.. and why?? 
 A:  ali, wasn't afraid of any challenge 
  
 Q: Did you overcome your fear of giraffes? 
 A:  no, just sick of sticking my neck out for people 
  
 Q: If you could go back and change one thing about MMLP2, what would that be and why? 
 A: I would have added "don't front" on to the deluxe bonus disc but we didn't clear the sample in time 
  
 Q: What made you change your hair color again? 
 A: slim shady's back bitch 
  
 Q: How are you doing? 
 A: good 
  
 Q: What tips can you give to people who's just starting to write songs 
 A: keep writing 
  
 Q: i dont know what i ask :/ 
 A: i don't know what you say 
  
 Q: Ladies send me a friend request. married or single:) friends are always good:) 
 A: sned this guy a friend request 
  
 Q: do you even lift? 
 A: fuck yeah bro 
  
 Q: What is your all time favorite thing to do while you wind down from a busy day? 
 A: nintendo bitch, run punch jump 
  
 Q: do you have a dog? 
 A: nope 
  
 Q: What do you think of Macklemore and Ryan Lewis and their style? What other artists do you like? 
 A: I think they made a great album 
  
 Q: how long did it take to write "Rap God" ? 
 A: six minutes and one second 
  
 Q: What do you think J.Cole? 
 A: He is dope 
  
 Q: What tips can you give to people who's just starting to write songs 
 A: keep writing 
  
 Q: Who's your favorite comic-book hero? 
 A: spiderman 
  
 Q: That Ken Kaniff in Wicked Ways skit, damn man, laughed so much 
 A: thanks, me too 
  
 Q: Are you the first rapper to smack a bitch or say faggot? 
 A: apparently yes 
  
 Q: Who's your favorite basketball team? 
 A: detroit pistons 
  
 Q: what time is it there ??? 
 A: you have no idea how funny that is 
  
 Q: what is your favorite TV series/show? 
 A: the wire 
  
 Q: Favorite spot to masterbate outside of home? 
 A: mcdonald's bathroom 
  
 Q: What's your favorite Mexican food mother fucker 
 A: taco's bitch! 
  
 Q: Awesome! 
 A: indeed 
  
 Q: what is byour favorte NFL team 
 A: the lions 
  
 Q: Why do you hate the broncos so bad? 
 A: i don't, matthew does 
  
 Q: Did you ever stroke Rick Rubin's beard in the studio to get ideas? 
 A: no, we only sampled "the stroke" 
  
 Q: I wish you could see my questions 
 A: i kinda just did 
  
 Q: Can u mix your own track alone? I mean Eq Compression etc 
 A: pretty damn close 
  
 Q: what inspired you to start rapping? 
 A: ll cool j 
  
 Q: Ever eat Jets pizza? Best thing about warren MI when I visited :) 
 A: fuck yeah, its delicious 
  
 Q: How do you keep a straight face when you incorporate so many awesome puns in your lyrics? 
 A: i laugh enough when I am recording them, thats why I never smile 
  
 Q: Do you do cleaning at home? :D 
 A: i wipe my own ass 
  
 Q: How are you doing? 
 A: good 
  
 Q: What is one thing that you get annoyed at the most ? 
 A: when people keep asking me if I am retiring 
  
 Q: Have you had a nose job 
 A: if I did I should sue the doctor 
  
 Q: Why don’t you follow anyone on Twitter? 
 A: always be a leader, not a follower 
  
 Q: I would cry if you saw this ;( 
 A: start crying 
  
 Q: Im sure that you are not going to see this comment.. 
 A: boy were you wrong, gotta wrap this up. thanks everyone for the questions, I got to get back to work[Chorus: Roxette] 
 I know there's something in the wake of your smile 
 I get a notion from the look in your eyes, yeah 
 We've built a love but that love falls apart 
 A little piece of heaven turns to dark 
 Listen to your heart 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 There's a certain mystique when I speak 
 That you notice that it's sorta unique 
 'Cause you know it's me, my poetry's deep 
 And I'm still matic the way I flow to this beat 
 You can't sit still, it's like tryin' to smoke crack 
 And go to sleep, I'm strapped 
 Just knowing any minute I could snap 
 I'm the equivalent of what would happen if Bush rapped 
 I bully these rappers so bad lyrically 
 It ain't even funny, I ain't even hungry 
 It ain't even money, you can't pay me enough 
 For you to play me, it's cockamamie 
 You just ain't zany enough to rock with Shady 
 My noodle is cockadoodle, my clocks cuckoo 
 I got screws loose, yeah, the whole kitten-kaboodle 
 I'm just brutal. It's no rumor, I'm numero uno, assume it 
 There's no humor in it no more, you know 
 I'm rollin' with a swollen bowling ball in my bag 
 You need a fag to come and tear a new hole in my ass 
  
 [Chorus: Roxette] 
 I know there's something in the wake of your smile 
 I get a notion from the look in your eyes, yeah 
 We've built a love but that love falls apart 
 A little piece of heaven turns to dark 
 Listen to your heart 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure 
 Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders 
 I ain't never supposed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it 
 Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino it don't matter 
 I'd never drag them in battles that I can handle unless I absolutely have to 
 I'm supposed to set an example 
 I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em 
 If some shit ever does pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em 
 That Ja shit I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it 
 There’s a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it 
 I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it 
 It was crazy, this went way beyond some Jay-Z and Nas shit 
 And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it 
 I spent too much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted 
 And I'm so caught in it, I almost feel I'm the one who caused it 
 This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it 
  
 [Chorus: Roxette] 
 I know there's something in the wake of your smile 
 I get a notion from the look in your eyes, yeah 
 We've built a love but that love falls apart 
 A little piece of heaven turns to dark 
 Listen to your heart 
  
 [Verse 3: T.I] 
 I'm the man in my city ain't nobody wit me 
 You can ask the real niggas and all the bad bitches 
 I'm a known drug dealer I always have 50's 
 And the thugs and the killers was all in class wit me 
 SS'S on 26's watching some television 
 Shorty I'm never slipping got the berretta in vision 
 And ready to pop the clip in, ready to get to tripping 
 Ready to show these folks a celebrity pistol whipping 
 Pimp stolen the automobile and the roof for the tag missing 
 Polices try to pursue me it's nothing but gas given 
 Addicted to fast living, guess I'm one of my dad's children 
 Think I'm bad now, shoulda seen me before I had children 
 Give dick to ya daddy's daughter and dare her to have children? 
 Hope he got some insurance 'cause death her is enduring? 
 Kill her in Mississippi and drive her to Missouri 
 Still my wet paint drippin' while I'm woodgrain gripping 
  
 [Chorus: Roxette] 
 I know there's something in the wake of your smile 
 I get a notion from the look in your eyes, yeah 
 We've built a love but that love falls apart 
 A little piece of heaven turns to dark 
 Listen to your heart 
  
 [Verse 4: Eminem] 
 There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme 
 And wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin' 
 But now it's elevated cause once you put someone's kids in it 
 The shit gets escalated, it ain't just words no more is it? 
 It's a different ball game, you call names and you ain't just rappin' 
 We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin' 
 Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him 
 And asked him not to start it, he wasn't gonna go after him 
 Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how we stabbed him 
 Fuck it 50 smash 'em, mash on 'em, let him have it 
 Meanwhile, my attention is pullin' in other directions 
 Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk 
 Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection 
 Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record 
 But now he's fucked the game up 'cause one of the ways I came up 
 Was through that publication the same one that made me famous 
  
 [Chorus: Roxette] 
 I know there's something in the wake of your smile 
 I get a notion from the look in your eyes, yeah 
 We've built a love but that love falls apart 
 A little piece of heaven turns to dark 
 Listen to your heartI'm possessed by evil demons that torture me while I'm sleeping 
 I keep dreaming of death and I'm hearing people screaming 
 The devil's spirit's trapped inside me and I want it out 
 I'm on the couch bleeding to death in a haunted house 
 With both of my wrists slit, I'm lifted up in the air 
 And suspended in animation like someone's holding me there 
 I feel somebody's cold hands wrapping around my neck 
 While I choke on my own blood that I swallow and drown to death 
 But I found a breath and somehow managed to slip the clutches 
 Nearly blacking out from dizziness and head rushes 
 Tripping over OD'd bodies of dead lushes 
 Bloodstains paint the plush carpet like red blushes 
 Door's open and close by themselves 
 Books fly off shelves, curtains catch fire, the house melts 
 My skin blisters and sticks together like twin sisters 
 The wind blows and shatters windows like ten twisters 
 Caught a piece of shrapnel in the Adam's apple 
 Two cups of holy water and I'm looking at 'em half full 
 But as soon as I go to touch 'em they turn into red rum 
 It got silent, then all these voices said 
 "Come follow me into the gates of Hell" 
 I heard 'em yell "Welcome to the Norman Bates Motel!" 
 I ring the bell for service and I was greeted by his mother 
 Covered in dry blood, head still dented from the shovel 
 I said I need a room so I could try to get some rest 
 She gave me the keys to the best suite and a bag of cess 
 And told me that's just for starters, Satan'll be in to see me later 
 To see if I'm interested in being partners[Instrumental] 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I'm givin' mad love, I'm snugglin' hugs 
 Strugglin' thugs, smugglin' drugs 
 Jugglin' jobs, guzzlin' jugs 
 So here's a toast to federal checks 
 Hetero sex, unaffordable medical debts 
 We travel in packs, unravelin' facts 
 And gravel in cracks to find babblin' max, gafflin' tracks 
 I grapple an axe for them bafflin' acts 
 Of mysterious stab-in-the-backs who dabble in wax 
 Stealin' my art when I sculpt it 
 The culprit that stole shit'll end up with his skull split 
 Then I buried the hatchet, I carry the fat shit 
 Butterfingers is here when it's necessary to scratch it 
 Baby, all I wanna do is swallow one or two 
 Smoke a little bit and follow one of you 
 Back home when the party ends 
 So tonight I'm droppin' naughty hints 
 To the finest women in the audience 
  
 [Hook] 
 ’Cause we came here to do this tonight 
 We don't wanna fight 
 We don't want no one feelin' uptight 
 ’Cause we came here to do this tonight 
 ’Til the morning light 
 Hope that everyone's feelin' all right 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Ayo, biters are like tarantulas, vandalous 
 Livin' as scandalous as a television evangelist 
 But I can handle this; I'm the rhyme biter, crime fighter 
 Caped crusader, takin' care of undeservin' lime lighters 
 I think we live in era meant for me 
 Experimentally I found a way to spread the terror mentally 
 When I stumbled upon this resolution 
 By usin' a special fusion 
 Of chemical solution for this fresh illusion 
 You couldn't see me with binoculars 
 I'm armed like an octopus 
 Step on stage and you'll get socked and pushed 
 Talkin' that junk like you had Black Bart at your back 
 Come to battle me and you get smacked hard as you act 
 When I rep-a-resent it, and will have a referee in it 
 Every minute, so when I win it you never resent it 
 I'm forever demented 
 Come up with funk, I'll never be scented 
 You got the point when I cleverly sent it 
  
 [Hook] 
 ’Cause we came here to do this tonight 
 We don't wanna fight 
 We don't want no one feelin' uptight 
 ’Cause we came here to do this tonight 
 ’Til the morning light 
 Hope that everyone's feelin' all right 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Eminem is headed skyward 
 For those who thought that I would 
 Make you bored and treat you like a piece of plywood 
 I've got miracle lyrical capability all in me 
 With the agility to escape a killer bee colony 
 So get your cameras and capture how miraculous 
 I rap for all you Draculas 
 And showed you all how wack you was 
 I meant it as a diss 
 ‘Cause you don't posses the pizazz of this 
 I'm hazardous enough already as it is 
 Without you addin' fuel to the fire; I'm cruel to the liar 
 Who fails to recognize my reign and hail rule to the sire 
 Clinical studies show that I'm cynical 
 There's no one who's identical 
 To my fresh and authentic flow 
 I'm sure the party people can agree 
 That I'm enchantin' rhythm romantically 
 Freakin' vocals so frantically 
 So throw your hands up in the atmosphere 
 And let them know the only party that was phat was here 
  
 [Hook] 
 ’Cause we came here to do this tonight 
 We don't wanna fight 
 We don't want no one feelin' uptight 
 ’Cause we came here to do this tonight 
 ’Til the morning light 
 Hope that everyone's feelin' all right[Intro] 
 Aw, man, yeah 
 You ever be in the club, man, you get in a fight 
 And people that you don't even know jump in? 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 You feel like you wanna hit somethin' 
 Your fist clenches, you're pissed 
 You just wanna get someone with shit, jump on this 
 You're 'bout to get your shit pushed in, I'm just inches away 
 From splittin' your shit wide open, no stitches can save 
 You'll die with your eyes open, you hope this isn't the way 
 You end up going out, but I guess it just is, I'm afraid 
 Razors, scissors and blades make Jason say, "Isn't this great?" 
 On-lookers participate in this ass-kicking debate 
 That's startin' to take place in the middle of the street 
 Little did you know there'd be an all-out brawl 
 Soon as you heard this beat 
 Emergency personnel rush to the murder scene 
 But it's too late, it's absolute pandemonium 
 Whisked away in an ambulance is your fate 
 Nothing nobody told you when you left the house today 
 Could've made you anticipate such an ass-whipping, okay 
 'Til the anger dissipates 
 You'll get punched in the face, reciprocate, come on 
  
 [Chorus] 
 So what the deal, ridaz? 
 Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts? 
 My balls are feeling a mighty big now 
 I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches 
 I said, so what the deal, ridaz? 
 Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts? 
 My balls are feeling a mighty big now 
 I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 You step in the place with enough misplaced anger to catch a case 
 Anxious to get in some shit, got your gangstas all with your ladies 
 You better go get your mace 'cause Shady said so 
 You may wanna pick up the radio and bang it against your face 
 That's how fuckin' rowdy you feel, now do you still wanna grill? 
 If you don't wanna get the shit beat out of you, chill 
 'Cause if you doubt me, you will 
 Yeah, got me a pill, found me a thrill 
 I got a couple of drinks here, and I'm bound to refill 
 Girl, howdy, how do you feel, ma? 
 This cocksucker did not spill my drink, oh, hell nah 
 He must be trying to kill my buzz 
 I will not budge, so what the deal, ridaz? 
 Now here they all come 
 And they got your back in, like, two seconds flat 
 And that's probably a record, yeah, you wasn't expecting that 
 'Cause they want in on the act, there's a Cognac bottle 
 We snuck it in 'cause the beer 
 That they was serving here was only tap 
 I'm bitin', I fight dirty, you might get kicked in the nuts 
 You're frightened like, "This guy might hurt me" 
 You're quite certain he's nuts, I've hit myself in the face harder 
 Play smarter, you may start her over, you need a chainsaw to 
 Dig your way out or go powder your nose, pussy 
 The louder you yell, the harder I slap the shit outta you hoes 
 You set it off, faggot, so now how do you 'spose we settle it? 
 Hit me in the nose and we'll see how it goes 
  
 [Chorus] 
 So what the deal, ridaz? 
 Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts? 
 My balls are feeling a mighty big now 
 I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches 
 I said, so what the deal, ridaz? 
 Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts? 
 My balls are feeling a mighty big now 
 I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 It's sheer hustle, I bob, weave, deflate your beer muscles 
 We're tusslin', the crowd's starting to cheer us and 
 Adrenaline's rushin' through us just like a geyser gushin' 
 Too much Budweiser in my blood 
 I'm stranglin' your windpipe for nothing 
 My signature's ligature marks, look at you all 
 Big with your remarks 'til I swing an icepick at your heart 
 At least that's what it feels like when I pick you apart 
 And dig at ya, and break you down like the bitch that you are 
 The predicament starts when I throw a brick at your car 
 The pain inflicted upon you is so sick, it's bizarre 
 Shit, this is almost ridiculous, addictive as far 
 As havin' me wanna rip out your fricking ligaments, ah 
 You hit like a bitch, you scratch me with your nails for that 
 You catch an open hand slap like a female like bap 
 In fact, I'll have the crowd smackin' you themselves 
 Where's D12? I don't feel like doing this by myself, come on 
  
 [Chorus] 
 So, what the deal ridaz? 
 Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts? 
 My balls are feeling a mighty big now 
 I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches 
 I said, so what the deal, ridaz? 
 Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts? 
 My balls are feeling a mighty big now 
 I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches 
  
 [Outro] 
 Yeah, what the deal? 
 I'm feeling hard as hell right now homie 
 I almost feel... invincible and shit 
 Ay Dre! You got me feeling like I can't be touched right now fool 
 I'm unstoppable 
 Damn[Intro] 
 Psst, hey, listen 
 La la la la la la la la la laaaa 
 I love my job 
 Makes me feel like Superman! 
 La la la la la la la la la laaaa 
 Can you fly? I can, wanna see? 
  
 [Hook] 
 I'm only entertainin' you, my 
 Goal is to stimulate, makin' you high 
 And take you and I 
 To a place you can't see, but I believe you can fly 
 I don't mean nobody harm, I'm just partyin' 
 I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian 
 Just a man who's on the mic 
 So let me entertain you 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 My lyrical content is constantly under fire 
 No wonder why I constantly bomb back 
 To combat attacks with constant concepts 
 When lyrics are constantly took outta context 
 Failure to communicate with Congress has 
 Been a problem for the longest, I guess 
 But maybe one day we can make some progress 
 Food for thought, see how long it takes to digest 
 Feelin' good when I should be ashamed 
 Shit, I really shoulda fell but I stood, see, I came 
 Like a flame in the night 
 Like a ghost in the dark 
 There's a ray, there's a light 
 There's a hope, there's a spark 
 But when planets collide they'll never see eye to eye 
 Until they decide to set the differences aside 
 And this is why only one of us will survive 
 So children, follow my lead and feel the vibe, because— 
  
 [Hook] 
 I'm only entertainin' you, my 
 Goal is to stimulate, makin' you high 
 And take you and I 
 To a place you can't see, but I believe you can fly 
 I don't mean nobody harm, I'm just partyin' 
 I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian 
 Just a man who's on the mic 
 So let me entertain you 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 My music can be slightly amusin' 
 You shouldn't take lyrics so serious, it might be confusin' 
 Just tryin' to separate the truth from entertainment 
 It's stupid, ain't it? I get sick of tryin' to explain it 
 See, I could sit and argue with you, but it goes beyond 
 Just being a snot, pointy-nosed bleach-blond 
 'Cause I came here to uplift, let your woes be gone 
 Tell 'em to get fucked and just mosey on 
 Constantly movin', constantly usin' 
 The Constitution as a form of restitution 
 Bless the children, nothin' less than brilliant 
 Let me entertain you like Robbie Williams 
 I'll be here when y'all are gone, rebuildin' 
 World revolvin', still evolvin', still Slim 
 How many kids will copy? Prob'ly millions 
 But I'ma do this as a fuckin' hobby till then, 'cause— 
  
 [Hook] 
 I'm only entertainin' you, my 
 Goal is to stimulate, makin' you high 
 And take you and I 
 To a place you can't see, but I believe you can fly 
 I don't mean nobody harm, I'm just partyin' 
 I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian 
 Just a man who's on the mic 
 So let me entertain you 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 My lyrical content contains subject matter 
 That sucks up all these fucked up young kids 
 At an alarming rate; common denominate 
 Add it up and you'll see just why I dominate 
 I try to stimulate, but kids emulate 
 And mimic every move you make, "Slim, you great!" 
 But wait, can't you see I'm only here to entertain? 
 I gotta be the one to go against the grain 
 'Cause man, I see it, feel it, live it, but it's inhumane 
 For me to see you be influenced and pretend you ain't 
 But they don't understand that I've been through pain 
 If you get to know me I could be a friend you gain 
 But you can't just stand there and try to judge 
 It hurts but your jealousy probably tears you up inside as much 
 And it's such a pleasure, every button that I touch 
 I treasure every glutton that I punish in my lust, but— 
  
 [Hook] 
 I'm only entertainin' you, my 
 Goal is to stimulate, makin' you high 
 And take you and I 
 To a place you can't see, but I believe you can fly 
 I don't mean nobody harm, I'm just partyin' 
 I'm not your dad, not your mom, not your guardian 
 Just a man who's on the mic 
 So let me entertain you 
  
 {Backmasked} 
 I'm not here to save you 
 I'm only here for the ride 
 So let me entertain you 
 And everything will be fine[Intro: Eminem & 50 Cent] 
 Maaaaan! Let's go 
 Hey yo, Fif'! 
 Yeah? 
 Call 'em and tell 'em... 
 It's time to hate us again 
 We're back! 
 Haha! 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care 
 My enemies crack corn, but I don't care 
 You can be black white or albino, yeah 
 You can have cornrows inside your hair 
 I give a fuck if I don't like your stare 
 This bottle of wine goes upside your head 
 A little bit psycho, but I know that 
 Think you just don't say it and I won't say it 
 See, if you don't brag, then I don't brag 
 I know I'm bad as long as I know I'm bad 
 I don't need ya'll to co-sign no shit 
 You can just keep makin' them tired old threads 
 A little bit like The Boy Who Cried Wolf, yeah 
 See me, but don't dare to try no shit 
 'Cause you know that somewhere inside those layers 
 The rattlesnake's right there to bite your ass 
 And I can be so quiet and strike so fast 
 Like lightening bolts, right out the sky, go bad 
 From out of nowhere, you might just find your career 
 Come to it, (Eek!) and I'm just like (Oh, yeah!) 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh, yeah!) 
 Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh, yeah!) 
 See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh, yeah!) 
 So Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care 
 See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh, yeah!) 
 See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em!) 
 And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here!) 
 And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere!) 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 You jealous little fucks beg for my attention, but 
 I done told you once, I'm not the kind of attention you want 
 If I tell you twice, then I won't be so nice 
 If you keep coming back, that only means you know you lost the fight 
 They wanna talk shit, let 'em talk shit, 'cause they talk shit 
 Knowin' deep down, they really just wanna squash it 
 'Cause no one wants to walk around, steppin' in dog shit 
 And get doo-doo on the shoe again, soon as they washed it 
 But the pride won't let 'em, inside's like "Go get 'em" 
 And I'm just like "Why you're tryin' to fight momentum?" 
 We just keep winnin', by landslides, oh, and um 
 Shady Limited's, in any size yo' denim 
 To velour, even our clothing line's on fire 
 As 50 would say "Our clothing line's on Fiyaa'' 
 Meanwhile, your minds on us, like mine's on Mariah 
 And y'all is just like her, you're all fucking liars 
 But I'll just keep fucking you like I fucked her 
 Right in the ass with K-Y, yes, sir! 
 So full of joy, boy, am I absurd? 
 Even Chingy would tell you: "Yeah, boy, don't curr" 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh, yeah!) 
 Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh, yeah!) 
 See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh, yeah!) 
 So Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care 
 See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh, yeah!) 
 See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em!) 
 And where is G-Unit at, they're like (We over here!) 
 And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere!) 
  
 [Verse 3: 50 Cent] 
 Your homie got clapped on, man, I don't care 
 The cops in my nana crib, but I'm not there 
 It is what it is, dawg, man life's not fair 
 Your friends should've known not to front 'round here 
 Listen, kid, where I'm from,  the wolves smell fear 
 They'll strip your ass of your jewels right here 
 Man, I'ma say this one time, now get this clear 
 Man, you can catch a hot one like outta nowhere 
 A beautiful day, without drama is rare 
 Your girl's a freak, man, sometimes we share 
 Yeah, I wear a condom and you go bare 
 You probably heard about me, I'm a shown up player 
 In the hood politicin', like I'm runnin' for mayor 
 Ridin', winin', dinin' and shinin', know what I'm sayin'? 
 I ain't got time for fuckin' around, and horseplayin' 
 I'm makin' hits, my homies takin' hits, who's stayin' 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh, yeah!) 
 Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh, yeah!) 
 See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh, yeah!) 
 So Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care 
 See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh, yeah!) 
 See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em!) 
 And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here!) 
 And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere!) 
  
 [Outro: Eminem & 50 Cent] 
 Haha, haha 
 Yeah! 
 It's the Re-Up! 
 Haha 
 God, I love it 
 You know you hate that laugh, don't you? 
 Haha, haha 
 Keep doin' it 
 Do it again 
 What? 
 The laugh 
 Oh, haha, haha! 
 I like that 
 Haha, haha, haha, haha 
 Hehehe 
 You don't think they're gonna think we're really crazy, right?[Intro: Eminem & (Jazmine Sullivan)] 
 Yeah. (Oh) 
 This game is like cocaine. (I want this more than anything in the world) 
 Haha... So do I... at least I thought I did 
 (Got to have it, yeah I need it, I'm addicted, yeah I'm fading fading) 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 This is a beat with no words at first, it’s a blank painting 
 Exercising the mind, it’s brain strength training 
 It starts off something like, "Shady's an insane maniac 
 Yeah, Slim Shady, that's a zany name, ain't it?" 
 Now all you need's an image to go with the name, baby 
 Wifebeaters and white t-shirts, Hanes mainly 
 It's a long shot, but is it possible? There's a lane, maybe 
 If not he's gon' have to come and change the whole game, ain't he? 
 He wants the fame so bad he can taste it, he can see his name up in lights 
 Women screaming his fucking name, fainting 
 Shady did it, he sold out the whole dang stadium 
 Joe Shmoe made it, he took his Plain Jane lady 
 And his baby Hailie out the trailer but he ain't trailing anymore 
 He's ahead of the race, while maintaining his innocence 
 Little does he know his train is derailing 
 And he's about to be raped by this game anally, now 
  
 [Hook: Jazmine Sullivan] 
 What would you do for a little bit? 
 What would you give for a little bit of that C-O-C-A-I-N-E? 
 I got to have it, yeah I made it, I'm addicted, yeah I'm fading 
 (Cause once you cave in, you don't want to leave) 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 You’re operating on all cylinders, syllables spit like dillingers 
 Spilling your guts, people are feeling your mic skills 
 But these haters are ice grilling ya 
 Willing to sacrifice anything for the life that they might steal from ya 
 Fake friends will kill for ya, die for ya but you can’t decipher 
 Why for the life of ya, it wasn’t like this when you were cyphering 
 Argue with your wife again, she found Vicodin 
 In your pants last night again, your dispute's public 
 Nothing is private anymore, oh, and your best friend? 
 Say bye-bye to him, what kind of apple you take a bite of Slim? 
 (But this is what you wanted Marshall, ain't it?) Fuck no! 
 The way that it turned out was nothin' like the picture that I painted 
 In my head, sometimes a dream and making it's more fun 
 Than it's to actually make it, the game stripped me naked 
 It robbed me of ever having another real relationship 
 With another girl, this world is a fucking trip 
 As I slip in another world, proceed, take another hit 
 Sniff 'til I fucking hurl, tell 'em all to fucking sit 
 And spin 'til they fucking twirl, middle finger up again 
 Relapsing back in this game, oh well, fuck it then, now 
  
 [Hook] 
  
 [Bridge: Jazmine Sullivan] 
 You start off bright, just to see your name in lights 
 Just so you can live the life 
 You take a bite and lose your sight, they call this (fame) 
 You think you're good, just cause you got out the hood 
 Concerned only with getting dough, no longer poor 
 But you lost your soul, they call it (fame) 
 I hear it callin', my name is callin' 
 Why you struggling when you could be ballin'? 
 My head is saying yes but my feet is stallin' 
 So many walkin' by the end they fallin' 
 But I gots to have it, like Eve and the apple 
 She had to grab it, I got to take it, I got to make it 
 That's the plan and I can't forsake it, yeah 
  
 [Hook][Intro] 
 Your mother.. you fuckin' faggot 
 Ayo, this next song is dedicated to the memory of Erik Shrody 
 Rest in peace, we ain't forget about you, you fuckin' homo, we still remember 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 There once was a man who liked to jump around 
 But he got too old to jump up and down 
 So he put the mic down and picked the guitar up 
 Started singin the blues like there was no tomorrow 
 Left his boys in the House of Pain 
 It was the wisest decision he ever made 
 But the dumbest thing he could ever do 
 Was try to buck a .380 on those that act shady 
 Tell me now what you gonna do 
  
 [Hook] 
 Cause I remember all those years, how it was when you were here 
 I remember how it was, how it was when you were young 
 Yesterday was so long ago, Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now 
 Don't nobody wanna hear your old ass sing no more 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I remember back when you had the Knack 
 And I remember when you had your first heart attack 
 I was right there laughin when I heard the news 
 I just wish the cardiac woulda murdered you 
 Maybe Ice-T's right, you are a bitch 
 You come around when you're broke and you leave when you're rich 
 But the dumbest thing you could ever do 
 Was try to buck a 380 on those that act shady 
 Tell me now what you gonna do 
  
 [Hook] 
 Cause I remember all those years, how it was when you were here 
 I remember how it was, how it was when you were young 
 Yesterday was so long ago, Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now 
 Don't nobody wanna hear your old ass sing no more 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Remember back in '94, like right before Ms. Everlast was Whitey Ford 
 Before his heart attack had him on life support 
 When House of Pain was outta fame like someone doused the flame 
 And they became destined to never jump around again 
 Or even further back, when I first had heard "The Knack" 
 And you were down with Syndicate, I went to get your shit, man I was into it 
 But then you went and took your style and switched the shit 
 Now you sound ridiculous, you dickless piece of shit 
 How could you diss me, bitch? 
 I liked you, thought you was alright for a white dude 
 Remember Sway and Tech when I came up and sat beside you 
 Started rhymin, then you left the room and didn't say goodbye or nothin'? 
 Like you mad that someone else was white and tried to rhyme or somethin 
 I'm sorry man, I wasn't tryin to steal your light or nothin 
 But you're a homosexual, white rappin Irish (Muslim) 
 Man I wish I was Irish, I could be a *Muslim* too 
 Then I'd be confused as you, and I wouldn't know what to do 
 What's up with you? I never fucked with you, why would you fuck with me? 
 Knowin' I could rap circles around you, what, are you as nuts as me? 
 Plus I can sing better than you and I don't fuckin' sing 
 And probably play guitar better, and I ain't never touched a string 
 But I ain't mad at you, I'd hate me too if I was you 
 I'm what you used to be, shit you was me in '92 
 So everytime I write a lyric, I'mma think of you 
 And maybe that will help me know what it's like to sing the blues 
  
 [Hook] 
 Cause I remember all those years, how it was when you were here 
 I remember how it was, how it was when you were young 
 Yesterday was so long ago, Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now 
 Don't nobody wanna hear your old ass sing no more 
  
 [Outro] 
 You fuckin' punk pussy, you fuckin faggot, sissy fuck 
 And by the way, a .380's a fuckin' sissy gun 
 If you're gonna shoot somebody use a fuckin' real gun, you little bitch 
 Next time say my fuckin' name in a song, don't be subliminal about it 
 You wanna fuckin' diss me, diss me you fuckin' faggot 
 You fuckin' punk pussy, you fuckin' little bitch, fuckin' cunt[Chorus] 
 (Just pull the plug!) People say that I'm a bad influence 
 I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin' to it 
 They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol (C'mon!) 
 C'mon, do as I do, go ahead, get mad and do it! 
 (Just pull the plug!) People say that I'm a bad influence 
 I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin' to it 
 They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol (C'mon!) 
 C'mon, do as I do, go ahead, get mad and do it! 
 (Just let it go!) 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Hand me an eighth, beam me up and land me in space 
 I'ma sit on top of the world, and shit on Brandy and Mase 
 I'm more than ill, scarier than a white journalist 
 In a room with Lauryn Hill human horror film 
 But with a lot funnier plot and people'll feel me 
 'Cause I'ma still be The Mad Rapper whether I got money or not 
 As long as I'm on pills and I got plenty of pot 
 I'll be in a canoe paddling, making fun of your yacht 
 But I would like an award for the best rapper to get 
 One mic in The Source and a wardrobe I can afford 
 Otherwise I might just end up back strikin' at Ford 
 And you wonder what the fuck I need more Vicodin for? 
 Everybody's pissin' me off: even the No Limit Tank 
 Looks like a middle finger sideways flippin' me off 
 No shit, I'm a grave danger to my health 
 Why else would I kill you then jump in a grave and bury myself? 
  
 [Chorus] 
 (Just pull the plug!) People say that I'm a bad influence 
 I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin' to it 
 They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol (C'mon!) 
 C'mon, do as I do, go ahead, get mad and do it! 
 (Just let it go!) People say that I'm a bad influence 
 I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin' to it 
 They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol (C'mon!) 
 C'mon, do as I do, go ahead, get mad and do it! 
 (Just do it!) 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I'm the illest rapper to hold the cordless, patrollin' corners 
 Lookin' for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters 
 I'm meaner in action than Roscoe beatin' James Todd Senior 
 Across the back with vacuum cleaner attachments 
 I grew up in a wild hood as a hazardous youth 
 With a fucked up childhood that I used as an excuse 
 And ain't shit changed, I kept the same mindstate 
 Since the third time that I failed ninth grade 
 You probably think that I'm a negative person, don't be so sure of it 
 I don't promote violence, I just encourage it 
 I laugh at the sight of death, as I fall down a cement flight of steps 
 And land inside a bed of spider webs 
 So throw caution to the wind; you and a friend 
 Can jump off of a bridge, and if you live, do it again 
 Shit, why not? Blow your brain out, I'm blowin' mine out 
 Fuck it, you only live once, you might as well die now 
  
 [Chorus] 
 (Just let it go!) People say that I'm a bad influence 
 I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin' to it 
 They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol (C'mon!) 
 C'mon, do as I do, go ahead, get mad and do it! 
 (Just pull the plug!) People say that I'm a bad influence 
 I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin' to it 
 They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol (C'mon!) 
 C'mon, do as I do, go ahead, get mad and do it! 
 (Just do it!) 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 My laser disc'll make you take a razor to your wrist 
 Make you satanistic, make you take the pistol to your face 
 And place the clip and cock it back 
 And let it go until your brains are rippin' out your skull 
 So bad to sew you back would be a waste of stitches 
 I'm not a role model, I don't wanna babysit kids 
 I got one little girl, and Hailie Jade is Shady's business 
 And Shady's just an alias I made to make you pissed off 
 Where the fuck were you when Gilbert's paid to make me dishwash? 
 I make a couple statements and now look how crazy shit got 
 You made me get a bigger attitude than eighty Kim Scotts 
 And she almost got the same fate that Grady's bitch got 
 I knew that "Just the Two of Us" would make you hate me this much 
 And "Just the Two of Us," that ain't got shit to do with us 
 And our personal life, it's just words on a mic 
 So you can call me a punk, a pervert or a chauvinist pig 
 But the funny shit is that I still go with the bitch! 
  
 [Chorus] 
 (Just pull the plug!) People say that I'm a bad influence 
 I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin' to it 
 They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol (C'mon!) 
 C'mon, do as I do, go ahead, get mad and do it! 
 (Just let it go!) People say that I'm a bad influence 
 I say the world's already fucked, I'm just addin' to it 
 They say I'm suicidal, teenagers' newest idol 
 C'mon, do as I do, go ahead, get mad and do it! 
 (Just do it!)[Intro] 
 I'm a little nutty and I know it but if you go back and take a look at my history 
 You will see that I am not the only one who's off his rocker, there were many before me 
 I was always labeled the black sheep of the family, what a bad seed I'd grow to be 
 But if you take a look at us now you'll see the apple didn't fall too far from the tree 
  
 [Interlude] 
 Alright look, I'mma tell you the story from my side 
 Maybe you'll understand, check it out 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 You done witnessed unexplainable shit 
 Too insane to explain, people run from what they just don't get 
 Maybe Shady should have just hit 'em with a little bit 
 Did I spit too soon? Should I have spoon fed 'em it? 
 But I was just so eager to prove I was even 
 Worth bein' in the same league or the room 
 Of the people of whom I was in 
 Every now and then, I look up like I was seekin' approval 
 Was it because of the pigment of my skin? 
 Or was it a figment of my imagination? 
 Maybe it bothered me more than it did them 
 Maybe it wasn't a big deal back then 
 But to me it was, see what it was 
 Was I had developed a complex from being judged 
 Proof spit his verse, now I'm next, let's see who balks 
 I'm in the booth staring back to see whose mugs 
 I get a reaction from, usually the first thumb 
 Was from Proof and the rest of the crew backed him up 
 And no one lied to each other 'cause none of us had deals 
 It was real, we just wanted tickets for that meal 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Sometimes I feel like it's just me 
 Sometimes I feel like I'm goin' crazy 
 But take a look at my family 
 'Cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree 
 I said sometimes I feel like it's just me 
 Sometimes I feel like I'm goin' crazy 
 But take a look at my family 
 'Cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Ever since my mother was pregnant with a second egg 
 'Cause she said that I had a baby sister 
 Who fell outta the window, I was too young to remember 
 Kansas City projects, I was like 5-6 
 And how come, I remember Malcolm, Isaac, and Boogy 
 If it was the projects in Missouri? 
 'Cause those were my best friends until Isaac 
 Took my tricycle and my Uncle Todd went to try to go get it back 
 And ended up gettin' jumped and cut in the gut 
 With a switch and 70 some stitches 
 Which is, to this day, why my mother still tries to show me 
 Some old fake pictures 
 Of a fictitious little sister who never existed 
 And this is why part of my life's so twisted 
 But I can never be as sick as that bitch is 
 And by the way, that pictures one of my relatives 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Sometimes I feel like it's just me 
 Sometimes I feel like I'm goin' crazy 
 But take a look at my family 
 'Cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree 
 I said sometimes I feel like it's just me 
 Sometimes I feel like I'm goin' crazy 
 But take a look at my family 
 'Cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 You probably have to peel back layers upon layers of pain 
 To see why everything I say is so insane 
 What's different about my brain 
 That separates me from other players in this game? 
 On the surface it may seem like a scheme 
 Or some sort of scam for me to get some damn sympathy 
 But that's the last thing I need 
 Is for people to walk around feelin' sorry for me 
 And I am not a G, never claimed to be 
 I gave my vest to Cashis, just hope he don't need it more than me 
 But we'll see, 'cause we ain't lookin' for beef 
 But if it comes our way, what do we turn the other cheek? Come on 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Sometimes I feel like it's just me 
 Sometimes I feel like I'm goin' crazy 
 But take a look at my family 
 'Cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree 
 I said sometimes I feel like it's just me 
 Sometimes I feel like I'm goin' crazy 
 But take a look at my family 
 'Cause the apple don't fall too far from the tree 
  
 [Outro] 
 Yeah, and I'm the crazy one right? 
 Whatever, then let me be the crazy one! 
 Cuckoo, cuckoo, tweet[Intro] 
 (Just the two of us, just the two of us) 
 Baby, your dada loves you 
 And I'ma always be here for you 
 (Just the two of us, just the two of us) 
 No matter what happens 
 You're all I got in this world 
 (Just the two of us, just the two of us) 
 I would never give you up for nothin' 
 (Just the two of us, just the two of us) 
 Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me 
 I love you 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin' to the beach 
 Grab a couple of toys and let Dada strap you in the car seat 
 Oh, where's Mama? She's takin' a little nap in the trunk 
 Oh, that smell? Dada must've runned over a skunk 
 Now, I know what you're thinkin', it's kind of late to go swimmin' 
 But you know your Mama, she's one of those type of women 
 That do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit 
 Don't play with Dada's toy knife, honey, let go of it (No) 
 And don't look so upset, why you actin' bashful? 
 Don't you wanna help Dada build a sandcastle? (Yeah) 
 And Mama said she wants to show you how far she can float 
 And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat 
 It's just a little scratch, it don't hurt 
 Her was eatin' dinner while you were sweepin' 
 And spilled ketchup on her shirt 
 Mama's messy, ain't she? We'll let her wash off in the water 
 And me and you can play by ourselves, can't we? 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 And when we ride 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 Just you and I 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 And when we ride 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 Just you and I (See, honey) 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 There's a place called Heaven and a place called Hell 
 A place called prison and a place called jail 
 And Dada's probably on his way to all of 'em except one 
 'Cause Mama's got a new husband and a stepson 
 And you don't want a brother, do ya? (Nah) 
 Maybe when you're old enough 
 To understand a little better, I'll explain it to ya 
 But for now, we'll just say Mama was real, real bad 
 Was bein' mean to Dad and made him real, real mad 
 But I still feel sad that I put her on time out 
 Sit back in your chair, honey, quit tryna climb out 
 I told you it's okay, Hai-Hai, want a ba-ba? 
 Take a night-night? Na-na-boo, goo-goo-ga-ga? 
 Her make poo-poo ca-ca? Dada change your didee 
 Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty 
 Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water 
 '97 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 And when we ride 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 Just you and I 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 And when we ride 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 Just you and I 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Wake up, sweepyhead, we're here, before we pway 
 We're gonna take Mama for a wittle walk along the pier 
 Baby, don't cry, honey, don't get the wrong idea 
 Mama's too sweepy to hear you scweamin' in her ear (Mama) 
 That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry 
 Dada made a nice bed for Mommy at the bottom of the lake 
 Here, you wanna help Dada tie a rope around this rock? (Yeah) 
 We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock 
 Ready now, here we go, on the count of free 
 One, two, free, whee 
 There goes Mama, spashin' in the water 
 No more fightin' with Dad, no more restraining order 
 No more step-dada, no more new brother 
 Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell Mama you love her (Mommy) 
 Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk 
 But first, just help Dad with two more things out the trunk 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 And when we ride 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 Just you and I 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 And when we ride 
 Just the two of us, just the two of us 
 Just you and I 
  
 [Outro] 
 (Just the two of us, just the two of us) 
 Just me and you, baby, is all we need in this world 
 (Just the two of us, just the two of us) 
 Just me and you 
 Your dada will always be here for you 
 Your dada's always gonna love you, remember that 
 If you ever need me, I'ma always be here for you 
 You ever need anything, just ask 
 Dada will be right there 
 Your dada loves you 
 I love you, baby[Chorus: Just Blaze] 
 Some people ask me, where I've been lately 
 They thought I fell off, nobody can save me 
 They play in the background, I don't back down 
 So don't get it twisted or try to play me 
 First I come out, they underrate me 
 Then I come back, they still try to fade me 
 They say I'm nasty, they say I'm crazy 
 They ask what me I think and I say maybe I'll fly away 
 And ain't nothing in the way so I may as well fly away 
 There ain't nothing else to say so I may as well fly away 
 I know you wanna see me down but we ain't gon' die today 
 'Cause I done been to the top and there's nowhere else to go 
 And the only way to see me's if you looking up from down below 
 And there's nothing else to say so I may as well fly away 
 And there's nothing in my way so I may as well fly away 
 I'm on top of this thing so I may as well fly away 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Got my self esteem back, got my confidence up 
 I'ma step up on this stage now, I'm gonna strut 
 And walk around with my pants hanging offa my butt 
 And you ain't 'bout to tell me nothing boy, get off of my nuts 
 It goes one for the money, two for the show 
 My shit don't stink, I don't think so 
 Wipe my ass with the tissue and roll it back up in the roll 
 Are you ready now, here we go, the bald eagle has landed 
 I'm back in your hair, sorry for leaving you stranded 
 I'm twice as dreaded, evil and rancid 
 They can't sit, I don't think anybody understands it 
 Especially when the world's silly putty in your hands 
 It's Play-Doh, I ain't back to play, though 
 They say he died in a fatal car crash, shows what they know 
 Shit if I did, it'd be a trailer not a car 
 The white trash star, I fuck an RV-up like Brett Favre 
 Homie you got it backwards, you're dipping your soup 
 Inside your crackers, I can carry rap till my back hurts 
 Set it down, go right back to the chiropractors 
 Get my back right then I'm right back on you bastards 
 I was chasing the dragon, I don't know what happened 
 It's like the feeling I had when I first started rappin' 
 I just couldn't seem to get back and recapture that magic 
 So I went back to the lab, that's where I been at, when 
  
 [Chorus: Just Blaze] 
 Some people ask me, where I've been lately 
 They thought I fell off, nobody can save me 
 They play in the background, I don't back down 
 So don't get it twisted or try to play me 
 First I come out, they underrate me 
 Then I come back, they still try to fade me 
 They say I'm nasty, they say I'm crazy 
 They ask what me I think and I say maybe I'll fly away 
 And ain't nothing in the way so I may as well fly away 
 There ain't nothing else to say so I may as well fly away 
 I know you wanna see me down but we ain't gon' die today 
 'Cause I done been to the top and there's nowhere else to go 
 And the only way to see me's if you looking up from down below 
 And there's nothing else to say so I may as well fly away 
 And there's nothing in my way so I may as well fly away 
 I'm on top of this thing so I may as well fly away 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I took a hiatus, haters now I'm back to cause trouble 
 Got the fucking shape of mushroom clouds for thought bubbles 
 I'm the *Explosion*, you ain't fucking sick, the hospital 
 Won't even give you cough drops for coughs cocksucker 
 You think you hot? You ain't even lukewarm 
 My puke's hotter than you, you're soft 
 I use fire to cool me off 
 I told them I would grow up one day and show them 
 I'd be able to choke clouds 
 Pick up lightning bolts and throw them 
 Take the world by storm with these words I form 
 Georgi-porgi kissed the girls, make the girls cry for it 
 Make 'em swarm, make 'em fight over the shirts I've worn 
 Swoon over my sweat towels, it's mind blowing 
 Yes I'm living the dream homie, can't nothing compare 
 I’m so up, I’m stuck in mid air, I’m loving it yeah 
 It's like these people are steps now, all they do is stare 
 These haters are so pussy they afraid to be scared 
 This is pay back, like I owe 'em back pay 
 They spat in my face now I'm back to do them the same exact way 
 And leave this rap game with a bad taste 
 And slap it back out before I step back outta this crap, they 
 Slap me now I'm slapping them back hey, fuck it 
 We're slap happy, yeah okay, now I'm talking some smack, aye 
 And I ain't looking back, in fact, they can stare at my ass crack 
 How's that for hind sight, what the track say? 
  
 [Chorus: Just Blaze] 
 Some people ask me, where I've been lately 
 They thought I fell off, nobody can save me 
 They play in the background, I don't back down 
 So don't get it twisted or try to play me 
 First I come out, they underrate me 
 Then I come back, they still try to fade me 
 They say I'm nasty, they say I'm crazy 
 They ask what me I think and I say maybe I'll fly away 
 And ain't nothing in the way so I may as well fly away 
 There ain't nothing else to say so I may as well fly away 
 I know you wanna see me down but we ain't gon' die today 
 'Cause I done been to the top and there's nowhere else to go 
 And the only way to see me's if you looking up from down below 
 And there's nothing else to say so I may as well fly away 
 And there's nothing in my way so I may as well fly away 
 I'm on top of this thing so I may as well fly away[Verse 1] 
 Once again, it's the sinister cynical minister Shady 
 Kryptonite to Superman, he's a dentist to Amy 
 Administerer of the pain, he just finished huffin' the paint 
 And muffler fumes like it was nothin', because it ain't 
 Anything in his way, his enemies he just slays 
 His venom he sprays, reaches like beams of energy rays 
 Menacing stares, he glares, making the hairs 
 All on the back of ya neck stand like Dracula, yep 
 Spectacular rep, he's a tarantula, gargantuan 
 Yeah, Angela, so I command ya to start dancin' 
 Part Manson, part Hannibal, part mechanical shark 
 Throwing animal parts at Scarlett Johansson 
 Enter my gas chamber, you gangsta? My ass 
 He's got his fangs to your neck, he's set to strangle ya ass, hater 
 You're facin' a task greater, he's chasin' your ass 
 He's got his face in a mask, your blood stains on his glass table 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I'm checking the exposure of photos of me exposing 
 Myself locked inside of a cozy hotel posing 
 With or without clothing, next to the decomposing 
 Bodies eroding while I'm dozing off, overdosing 
 Windows opening, shutting; doors opening, closing 
 I think there's a ghost, too much hydrocodone and codeine 
 I was only 'sposed to swallow a half, I took the whole thing 
 I'm not joking, I think I just snorted my nose ring 
 I need a drink, I'm standing over the sink hosing 
 Myself, self-loathing, cause I'm on a brink, mostly 
 I don't wanna think; this will make everything rosy 
 Beverly sings, scream while I'm severing three toesies 
 Totally frozen while I close in 
 I'm yodelling "Rosie, won't you come out to play?" 
 And no sense wasting time, cutting and pasting headlines 
 In the papers, making shrines of my crimes and capers 
 My words are whirlwinds, I murder my girlfriends 
 Go to Europe and put Nurofens in my syrup and stirred 'em 
 You never heard 'em like this, so don't encourage him 
 The neurosurgeon, coke mirrors, and lyrics worse than 
 The kinda person to get Katie Couric to cursin' 
 Eighty spirits of ladies cause Shady murdered the virgins 
 Crazy turn of events  that he emerged 
 Took over the world and reeled in all the children 
 Lured 'em into the building and killed 'em 
 Buried 'em in the mulch and mildew and he will do what he feels 
 And still can spin, straw to gold like Rumplestilskin 
 Cotton to silk, Motrin to Tylenol 3 pills 
 The Real Slim Shady's entered the buildin' 
 There's nothing but crumbled leaves and tumbleweeds up in this bitch 
 Mildred, he's ill with it, he still shouldn't be healed 
 There's no one as sick as he, MC's will get fricassed on the grill, then[Intro: Police Scanner] 
 Attention all units, attention all units 
 We have an all-points bulletin out on a man with green hair 
 I repeat, we have an APB on a man with green hair 
 He's armed with a knife, I repeat, he's armed with a knife 
 Proceed with caution, watch your back, fellas 
 He could be coming at your girlfriend next 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 There's a joker on the loose from the psychiatric ward 
 His face is up on the bulletin board with a reward 
 He'll stab you with a sword, don't be fooled by his charm 
 He's probably armed with intent to do bodily harm 
 Ring the alarm, look for a man with green hair 
 Check at your girl's house, he was last seen there 
 He's has a mean stare but usually cracks jokes 
 Good luck on your mission and guard your backs, folks 
  
 [Hook] 
 Come here, you fuckin' backstabber! 
 (Why I oughta) beat a bitch snake from the hood 
 Haha, come here, you fuckin' backstabber! 
 (Why I oughta) stay away from him, he ain’t no good! 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 We got the walkie-talkies to keep us all informed 
 Suited up head to toe in detective uniforms 
 Our unit storms in, we split the ghetto in sectors 
 Lockin' down every block and put up metal detectors 
 Protect yours and be sure that you stand close 
 Watch each other's backs and guard your command post 
 And most of all be advised that he's wise 
 He could be disguised as one of your very own guys 
  
 [Hook] 
 Come here, you fuckin' backstabber! 
 (Why I oughta) beat a bitch snake from the hood 
 Haha, come here, you fuckin' backstabber! 
 (Why I oughta) stay away from him, he ain’t no good! 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I'm on a solo mission to find him personally 
 To settle the score and to beat him unmercifully 
 For what he first did to me, it's sure to be the last 
 Followin' footprints with a magnifyin' glass 
 To drag his lyin' ass back to his padded cell 
 I'm mad as hell, on the trail of this tattle tail 
 I heard a yell, the voice sounded familiar 
 "Give me your girlfriend or I'm gonna kill ya!" 
  
 [Hook] 
 Come here, you fuckin' backstabber! 
 (Why I oughta) beat a bitch snake from the hood 
 Haha, come here, you fuckin' backstabber! 
 (Why I oughta) stay away from him, he ain’t no good! 
  
 [Verse 4] 
 I followed the voice that led down a flight of steps 
 Sneezin' at dust, and swingin' at the spider webs 
 Inside the depths of his basement 
 I taste lint, in my mouth 
 Then the lights in the place went 
 I saw my life flash in front of my eyes 
 I felt a butcher knife slash at one of my thighs 
 None of my guys knew where I'm at, I was doomed 
 Then I remembered the flashlight in my costume 
  
 [Hook] 
 Come here, you fuckin' backstabber! 
 (Why I oughta) beat a bitch snake from the hood 
 Haha, come here, you fuckin' backstabber! 
 (Why I oughta) stay away from him, he ain’t no good! 
  
 [Verse 5] 
 Dealing with backstabbers, there was one thing I learned 
 They're only powerful when you got your back turned 
 I yearned for the day that we finally met again 
 So I can give him a taste of his own medicine 
 He shed his skin, then he promised to come clean 
 I took his butcher knife and jabbed it into his spleen 
 Cuffed him at the scene, then dragged the fella home 
 Beating him over the head with the telephone 
  
 [Police Voice] 
 Attention all cars, attention all cars 
 Unit 313 has apprehended the suspect 
 He's going back to the crazy home 
 I repeat, he's going back to the crazy home 
 Job well done 
  
 [Hook] 
 Come here, you fuckin' backstabber! 
 (Why I oughta) beat a bitch snake from the hood 
 Haha, come here, you fuckin' backstabber! 
 (Why I oughta) stay away from him, he ain’t no good![RAP BATTLE 1] 
 I'ma tell you this for your own benefit 
 Your shit was dope as hell, 'specially when you wrote ninety-percent of it 
 What you need to do is practice on your freestyles 
 'Fore you come up missin', like Snoop Dogg's police files 
 This type of literature that I'm spittin' be hittin' 
 You gonna swear to God this shit was written 
 But it wasn't, I'll kill a dozen rappers when I'm buzzin' 
 Guzzlin', beat your ass like a jealous husband 
 Now, you boys are about to suffer and see north 
 When you go in a coma longer than Vladimir Konstantinov 
 Cut the damn machine off 
 Get a clean cloth, and wipe this bloody video screen off 
  
 [RAP BATTLE 2] 
 I'm movin' in for the kill, plus I got the trap set 
 I can tell you're wack as fuck, and I ain't even hear you rap yet 
 Look at you thinkin', "I'm about to whip his ass 
 ‘Cause I'ma do some written shit, plus I get to go last." 
 Well, guess what? Even if I go first, it's no worse 
 My shit's still gon' demolish yo' verse 
 I'm 'bout to slice you like a Ginsu 
 And anything you say can and will be used against you 
 In a court of law, I'm short and raw 
 Take your fuckin' shit and cut it off 
 Yo, you wanna be a dope emcee? 
 Look, don't get mad and start takin' your period out on me 
  
 [RAP BATTLE 3] 
 You wanna represent on the microphone, but you rap sleazily 
 I ain't about to battle this fake ass Eazy-E 
 There ain't no way I'ma do this bullshit 
 I don't give a fuck, I'm loaded up with a full clip 
 Time of the month? You couldn't get the tape of the day 
 Take him away, I rip him like a paper mache 
 I heard you rap before, you ain't about shit 
 This whole battle was mismatched, like your outfit 
 Try to battle me and get your mouth split 
 You sold out, like Ticketmaster Outlet 
 Ha ha, I bust and I crush 
 I don't give a fuck, ain't no way that you can fuck with us 
 I'm givin' back with pimp shit 
 I laminate that ass in a badge and wear it at the Rap Olympics 
  
 [RAP BATTLE 4] 
 Blah-badee-blah-da-blah-blah—stop babblin'! 
 You so fuckin' wack I'ma walk away while you battlin' 
 Fuck that, I'm on a brand new solo mission 
 To make sure that Wendy Day kicks your ass out of the rap coalition 
 I throw a switch at an execution 
 With an overdose of devotion 
 Don't talk back, I'm the dope, bitch 
 So who you sound like on the mic? 
 There was only one 2Pac, your thug style is just one big sike 
 Take a big hike, bitch, you can't catch me 
 Your best rhymes still ain't shit, like a patsy 
 What the fuck you gonna do? 
 I'll battle anybody in your crew 
 And I don't give a fuck, I slaughter boys 
 Especially wack-ass emcees that will wear a fake-ass corduroy 
  
 [RAP BATTLE 5] 
 I'm 'bout to make this mic short circuit 
 This beat is wack as fuck—this shit fits you perfect! 
 I got so many ways to diss you that I'm playful with you 
 I'll let a razor slit you, 'til they have to staple-stitch you 
 And everybody in this fuckin' place'll miss you 
 If you try to turn my facial tissue to a racial issue 
 Nobody's hearin' you, you're a wack liar 
 Damn! All your white jokes just backfired 
 ‘Cause, bitch, you barkin' up the wrong tree 
 Now go tell all your boys that you was beat by a honkey 
 I don't give a fuck, I'll kill ya 
 Bitch, you better recognize me, like I look familiar 
 Anything you say, I'ma kill ya 
 Grill ya, when I fuckin' drill ya 
 I'm Marsh, but you're the one that's mellow[Verse 1] 
 I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless, patrolling corners 
 Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters 
 I'm meaner in action than Roscoe beating James Todd, Sr 
 And smackin' his back with vacuum cleaner attachments 
 I grew up in the wild hood as a hazardous youth 
 With a fucked up childhood that I used as an excuse 
 And ain't shit changed but kept the same mindstate 
 Since the third time that I failed 9th grade 
 You probably think that I'm a negative person don't be so sure of it 
 I don't promote violence I just encourage it 
 I laugh at the sight of death as I fall down a cement flight of steps 
 And land inside a bed of spider webs 
 So throw caution to the wind, you and a friend 
 Can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again 
 Shit, why not? Blow your brain out, I'm blowing mine out 
 Fuck it, you only live once you might as well die now 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 It's only fair to warn, I was born with a set of horns 
 And metaphors attached to my damn umbilical cord 
 Warlord of rap that'll bash you with a 2 by 4 board 
 And smash into your Honda Accord with a 4 door Ford 
 But I'm more towards droppin an acappella that'll chop a fella 
 To Mozzarella, worse than a helicopter propeller 
 Got you locked in the cellar with your skeleton showing 
 Developing anorexia while I'm standing next to ya 
 Eating a full course meal watching you starve to death 
 With an IV in your veins feeding you liquid darvocet 
 Pumping you full of drugs, pull the plugs 
 On the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs 
 Who were picked up in an ambulance and driven 
 To receiving with the asses ripped out of they pants and given 
 A less than 20 percent chance of living 
 Have a possible placement, it's a hospital patient 
 Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement 
 Doctor Kevorkian has arrived 
 To perform an autopsy on you while you scream "I'M STILL ALIVE!" 
 Driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp 
 And pulling your Adam's apple out through your mouth 
 Better call the fire department, I've hired an arson 
 To set fire to carpets and burn up your entire apartment 
 I'm a liar to start shit 
 Got your bitch wrapped around my dick 
 So tight, you need a crobar to pry her apart with 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Met a retarded kid named Greg with a wooden leg 
 Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg 
 Go to bed with the keg, wake up with the 40 
 Mix it with Alka Seltzer and Formula 44D 
 Fuck an acid tab, I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead 
 Wait until it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead 
 No more said, case closed, end of discussion 
 I'm blowing up like spontaneous human combustion 
 Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas 
 Cross the bombers? We blowing up your house killing your parents 
 And coming back to get your foster mommas 
 And I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus 
 Cause I ain't making no more threats 
 I'm doing drive-bys in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets 
 I'm more or less sick in the head 
 Maybe more cause I smoked crack today, yesterday and the day before 
 Saboteur, walk the block with a labrador 
 Strapped with more corral for war than El Salvador 
 Foul style galore, verbal cow manure 
 Coming together like an eyebrow on Al B. Sure![Intro/hook: Bizarre] 
 Yeah… ha ha ha (BANG!) 
 Yeah, Bizarre Kid comin' at you 
 Eminem and Fuzz and Mr. Swifty, ha ha 
 No one's iller than me (what?) 
 No one, no one is iller than me 
 No one is iller than me 
 It's Mr. Swifty from the 313 
  
 [Verse 1: Swifty McVay] 
 I make rappers wanna turn into singers 
 I keep hoes lickin' they fingers 
 Bring this competition and face this meaning 
 Got your whole crew doin' subpoenas 
 Hell nah, you ain't seen a crew, genius 
 Murder whoever's between us, pack your heaters 
 Keep it close, you can't beat us 
 While your whole crew treat us like G's, you best believe this 
 I done made quadriplegics outta these non-rappin' rejects 
 While the whole world ejects your tape 
 It ain't no secret that your shit sounds fake 
 You can't stop it, my mind state 
 Makes it too late for cops in tryin' to stop the crime rate 
 I'm like toothaches: I'm painful to rappers 
 Then you can tell from these shells 
 How I gotta bend 'em like root canals 
 I erase all trails, somethin' farther from gettin' bail 
 Makes you wanna kill an emcee yourself, you might as well 
 Be within a 25 to life sentence, on linking trials 
 Horrified, and keep on frontin', repentin' and lose they bowels 
 Everything is foul when Swift's around, vacate now 
 Niggas dumb enough to try to front and escape, how? 
 I'm gonna take this 'gnac and drink it straight wild 
 Niggas steady fallin' in my face like milk crates – BLAAAOW! 
 It's Swifty from the 313 
 Like I said, no one is iller than me, unnhh 
  
 [Verse 2: Bizarre] 
 Me and Eminem and Mike, drivin' down Van Dyke 
 Get my dick sucked late at night by a fuckin' transvestite 
 Still on probation for stranglin' my boy Jason 
 Should be takin' my medication, it's 9 to 10 I'm facin' 
 Last week this old man I had to blast 
 ‘Cause he tried to help me out when my car was out of gas 
 Ripped this old lady, hung her neck by a hook 
 Didn't realize it was my grandmother 'til I checked her pocketbook 
 Fuckin' with the white boys got me back on crack 
 Better explain where the hell your TV's and VCR's is at 
 I done lost 100 pounds, I ain't been eatin' like I should 
 This wounded dog in the street is sure lookin' good 
 Rob this little boy in his fuckin' paper route 
 Throwin' bombs at day care centers and yell: "Everybody get out!" 
 My girl beat my ass and shot me in the back with a 2-piece 
 ‘Cause she found out I was havin' an affair 
 With her 10-year-old niece 
  
 [Hook: Bizarre] 
 No one, no one's iller than me 
 It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313 
 No one, no one is iller than me 
 It's Bizarre Kid straight from the 313 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Nobody better test me, ‘cause I don't wanna get messy 
 Especially when I step inside this bitch, dipped freshly 
 New Lugz, give the crew hugs, guzzle two mugs 
 Before I do drugs that make me throw up like flu bugs 
 True thugs, rugged unshaven messy scrubs 
 Whippin' 40-bottles like the fuckin' Pepsi clubs 
 Down a fifth, crack open a six 
 I'm on my seventh 8-ball, now I gotta take a piss 
 I'm hollerin' at these hoes that got boyfriends 
 Who gives a fuck who they was? 
 I'm always takin' someone else's girl like Cool J does 
 They probably don't be packin' anyways — do they, Fuzz? 
 We walked up, stomped they asses and blew they buzz 
 Mics get sandblasted, stab your abdomen 
 With a hand-crafted pocketknife and spill your antacid 
 Sprayed your motherfuckin' crib up when I ran past it 
 Fuckin' felon, headed to Hell in a handbasket 
 Talkin' shit'll get you, your girl and your man blasted 
 Kidnapped and slapped in a van, wrapped in Saran plastic 
 Get your damn ass kicked 
 By these fantastic furious four motherfuckers 
 Flashin' in front of your face without the Grandmasters 
 Slim Shady, ain't nobody iller than me 
  
 [Verse 4: Fuzz Scoota] 
 I run shit like an ass with legs 
 Massive lead to leave your cabbage red 
 Similar to your ass in a casket dead 
 Drastic spread of acid heads 
 Come to abort you like a bastard egg 
 That trash you said got you standin' on plastic legs 
 Ask the feds if I'm past the edge 
 Rockin' the most classic threads, flashin' bread 
 Roll down the window: "Bitch, you got some fantastic legs!" 
 You can get 'til that ass get red 
 You can get 'til that ass get red 
 Bizarre, you get him and him 
 Swift, you get him and him, I'll get him and him 
 Leave the other two for my nigga Eminem 
 Never writer's block, I block writers 
 My block's tighter, ante up and get your top fighters 
 Got fired for jumpin' the counter with a mop stick 
 Some bitch ran up screamin', "Get the cops, quick!" 
 And got drop kicked, now she screamin', "Stop it!" 
 Got clips to stop shit, rock shit and grab this hot shit 
 Wherever you shop, bitch, Fuzz Scoota '97 crop pick 
 Sick of y'all niggas lookin' at me like I got tits 
 I shoot a rocket through your optic 
 You niggas still don't know the top pick 
 I got bricks, lose my foot in your ass 
 And have you shittin' socks, bitch 
 P Rock shit, leave your fuckin' knot split 
 Grab the green from Al by showin' him hot grits 
 (No one) — ain't nobody iller than me 
  
 [Hook: Bizzare] 
 It's the Mr. Fuzzy from the 313 
 No one, no one is iller than me 
 It's Eminem and Swift from the 313 
 No one, no one is iller than me 
 It's Fuzz and Buzz-arre from the 313 
  
 [Outro: Bizzare] 
 You have now witnessed four ill emcees 
 From the home of potholes and trash 
 We'll lyrically blast[Eminem] 
 Once you call my name out things will never be the same 
 They should've never let us get our foot in this game 
  
 Ever since I was introduced to rap music 
 I been missing a screw like Bishop in Juice, I could lose it 
 At any moment, those who know me know it 
 So they probably told to go with the flow, just so that 
 I don't explode and, have another episode 
 Where I let it go as far as the one with Benzino did 
 I'm waiting for that next beef, I'm cocked, locked and loaded 
 I'm ready to go so bad 
 I'm going bananas, my dick's so hard Anna Nicole could 
 Use it to fucking pole vault with 
 Oh shit! I mean when she was still bloated 
 Before they cut her stomach open and lypo'd it 
 Anybody I throw flames at, gets a name 
 It's a game, 'cause they know that they don't spit the same 
 It's a shame, what people do for ten minutes of fame 
 Everyday it's the same thing 
 People in this game try to buddy-buddy us 
 Just to get close enough to study us 
 Everybody just wants to have something to do with that 
 They all trying get that stamp 
 They after that Shady/Aftermath money 
 It's like a monopoly 
 They probably just now finally understand "How to Rob" fully 
 50 Cent was like a fucking jackpot for me 
 And Dre, it's like we hit the fucking lottery 
 And the damn slot machine at the same time as each other 
 Why the fuck you think we ride like we brothers? 
 When we rhyme with each other, in time we discovered 
 That we had more in common that we thought with each other 
 Both robbed of our mothers, our fathers ain't want us 
 What was wrong with us, was it our fault? 
 'Cause we started thinking God doesn't love us 
 Two odd motherfuckers who just happened to meet at the right time 
 What a coincidence it is, 'cause when 50 got shot up in Jamaica 
 Queens, I still remember the call up at Chung King 'cause 
 Big L had just got popped just a month before 
 If 50 lives he's getting dropped from Columbia 
 Two years later me and Doc had to come and uhh 
 Operate, that's when he popped up at number one 
 And we ain't never gonna stop if you wondering 
 Even if I'm under the gun 
 You ain't got to agree all the time with me or see eye to eye 
 There'll always be animosity between you and I 
 But see the difference is, if it is, I could give a shit 
 I'm still gonna conduct motherfucking business as usual 
 Egos aside 'fore I bruise 'em all 
 Swallow your pride 'fore I step on it with shoes you call 
 Nikes, Earthlings, how do you like these? 
 You gotta love 'em, look at the bottom of 'em, they're like cleats 
 Stomping, I been romping 
 Since Tim Dog was, hollering, "Fuck Compton" 
 I was whiling, freestyling 
 Back when, they were still making, Maxell casettes 
 I wasn't even rap's Elvis yet, that tells us that 
 Any doubts in your head that seals the shit 
 Ricky ticky toc, ticky ticky toc 
 Still with the Diggy Diggy Doc, Diggy Diggy Doc 
 And ya don't stop[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I want you to understand something 
 That when I come up in this bitch, I want the fans jumping 
 I want the fists pumping in the air, I don't look like a millionaire 
 But I feel like a million bucks, ladies won't ya fill your cups? 
 Shady's come to feel ya up, are you a D or a C cup? 
 You could even be a B, it's just me and D-R-E 
 You'll be in the ER, we are strapped with so much TNT 
 We may blow, no, not even CPR from the EMTs 
 Could help you to resuscitate, you busters must be flustered, wait 
 You can't cut the mustard 
 What's your problem, can't you bust a grape? 
 (Chkk-chk-chk) What's my name? 
 Shady came and just crushed the game 
 It's really not even fair to them 
 'Cause they pale in comparison 
 So much they might as well wear his skin 
 Don't you wish you could just share his pen? 
 'Cause this shit's getting embarrassin' 
 The fog is thick and the air is thin 
 'Cause he won't even let them try to breathe 
 La-dididi-dadada-didi 
 He makes it look so easy, girl, you just hit the lottery 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Now this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on 
 And hell breaks loose 
 Try to restrain us, you can't contain us 
 We're still gonna make a stink no matter what we do 
 Everywhere we go it seems, we're looking for any excuse 
 To just cut loose 
 So this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on 
 And hell breaks loose 
  
 [Verse 2: Dr. Dre & Eminem] 
 This is when shit hits the fan like it just splattered on Stan 
 This is the only moment that matters 
 Your homie rolled in with Mathers 
 Now chaos erupts, Em's in back, Dre's in the front 
 So do what we say at once, this song’s like a seance, it haunts 
 It makes them stay in a trance, no choice, they have to dance 
 It's like the playoffs, just making sure that we stay in the hunt 
 Take a day off of what? Man, you better lay off the blunts 
 You must be smoking something 
 You think I ain't smoking nothing, stay off my nuts 
 Now hit the floor, baby, time to wipe away all the rust 
 Shake all them cobwebs loose 
 Loosen up with a little bit of Grey Goose 
 Yeah, girl, shake that caboose 
 I don't wanna see you try to make no excuse 
 D-R-E is on the loose 
 A mongoose when it comes to the chronic use 
 You know I can't stand to lose 
 Me and my goons are like animals 
 We come through like a pack of wolves 
 And we came here to retract the roof 
 Yeah, man, ain't that the truth 
 Girl, your man's back in the booth 
 Definitely back up in this bitch 
 And this is when all hell breaks loose 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Now this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on 
 And hell breaks loose 
 Try to restrain us, you can't contain us 
 We're still gonna make a stink no matter what we do 
 Everywhere we go it seems, we're looking for any excuse 
 To just cut loose 
 So this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on 
 And hell breaks loose 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Now I know you're feeling discouraged 
 But, homie, just mark my words 
 I'm murderin' the flow, liquid courage, I'm fin' to blow 
 As soon as we hit the door, power surges head to toe 
 I'm sure to push it as far as words are meant to go 
 We're in the indigo Winnebago with tinted windows 
 Ferocious as we proceed to beat up the block wit' your ho 
 With speakers knocking, it's 3 o'clock 
 Me and Doc then proceed to drop E 
 And hop out the vehicle and knock on your door 
  
 [Verse 4: Dr. Dre] 
 Yeah, so let us in 'fore we huff and puff and we blow 
 We ain't bluffing for nothing, we'll knock the stuffing out you 
 Revenge is so sweet, move 'til you injure your feet 
 Yeah, move it or lose it, freak, move to the beat 
 Lose yourself indubitably 
 Pass up on that little cute chick right there? 
 That'd be pretty damn stupid to me 
 Born and raised in the CPT, yeah, Los Angeles, rules of the streets 
 Them haters hatin' on me, but I refuse to lose any sleep 
 Keep that deuce-deuce in the seat 
 Dre fall off? That's news to me 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 Now this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on 
 And hell breaks loose 
 Try to restrain us, you can't contain us 
 We're still gonna make a stink no matter what we do 
 Everywhere we go it seems, we're looking for any excuse 
 To just cut loose 
 So this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on 
 And hell breaks loose[Intro] 
 Ayo 50 
 What I tell you? 
 We ain't even have to say shit, they did it, ha ha 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Monkey see, monkey do 
 Don't ever make the first move, just let 'em come to you 
 'Cause they gon' always see and do what the other one do 
 So let them come to you, the rest'll just follow suit, monkey see, monkey do 
 Tweedle-dee, tweedle-dum 
 If they really want it bad enough, well, then they gon' come 
 Now here they come as we expected, now we just set 'em up 
 Check-mate, motherfucker, games over, we won 
 Tweedle-dee, tweedle-dum 
  
 [Verse] 
 Doesn't take much for me to raise such a stink up 
 When motherfuckers hate your guts 
 You ain't even got to say much 
 For me to put a pen to a blank sheet of paper 
 S'like smearing a bloodstain with a paint brush 
 I can’t explain what it is my brain does 
 But however it works it's insane, it's plain nuts 
 And it ain't just my brain that’s dangerous 
 It’s a whole combination of things, it takes nuts 
 And I’m not afraid to raise the stakes up 
 I got a million bucks in the bank and 8 trucks 
 For anybody who gets on the track and spanks us 
 I'm patiently waiting for the day, I’m anxious 
 To see the look on ya fake mugs 
 When you thugs go bankrupt 
 Ya drunk, you ain't tough 
 Whatever you drank must of just turned you into some gangstas 
 This is me talking, motherfucker, this ain’t drugs 
 You wanna pop shit? Wake up then make up 
 FUCK THAT! It’s too late chump, now face up 
 I pray for the day that someone who spits with the caliber that Nas and Jay does 
 Opens up his jaw to say somethin' or rattle my name off 
 Or rattle the first thing from the top of his brain off 
 So I can blow the fucking dust off of this chainsaw 
 And give him the surgery that he came for 
 'Til I pull the paint off 
 I never been shot 
 But I think me and Fifty must of been cut from the same cloth 
 'Cause I’ve always came off like Ja's chain 
 When they try to rush him and lost 
 And came back and gave him a watch in exchange for it 
 I don’t stop, only thing that I wait for 
 Is the day that I ain't gotta report to probate court 
 'Cause I'ma give y'all a reason to hate more 
 'Cause I been holding my tongue 'til I got a sprained jaw 
 A lot of rappers on my list that just ain’t Ja 
 And I'ma read that motherfucker off come April 
 You pussies think I went soft 'cause 8 Mile 
 When I come back I’ll be shooting more than just paintballs 
 Trust me 
  
 [Chorus] 
 Monkey see, monkey do 
 Don't ever make the first move, just let 'em come to you 
 'Cause they gon' always see and do what the other one do 
 So let them come to you, the rest'll just follow suit, monkey see, monkey do 
 Tweedle-dee, tweedle-dum 
 If they really want it bad enough, well, then they gon' come 
 Now here they come as we expected, now we just set 'em up 
 Check-mate, motherfucker, games over, we won 
 Tweedle-dee, tweedle-dum 
  
 [Outro] 
 Fucking dummies 
 This ain’t chess 
 You playin' motherfucking checkers 
 This shit is all day man it’s too easy 
 We playing chess you playing checkers 
 You 'bout to get your mother fucking asses jumped 
 Fucking punks 
 And by the way 
 We ain’t just talking to one person 
 We talking to every-motherfucking-body who wants to bring it 
 'Cause we bring it into anybody who wants to bring it 
 So bring it 
 Don’t pick up the ball if you don’t wanna play man 
 It’s all fucked up now 
 Fuck I’m suppose to do now? 
 Huh?! 
 What the fuck I'm suppose to do?! 
 Yo, we out![Intro] 
 Ya, We gots money baby, I'm talking about, talking about that long money, when you see us come through, you just know... 
  
 [Hook] 
 Ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably 
 Ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably 
 Ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably ba-ba-ba controllably 
 Ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Man, I got everything candy-painted, candy-painted tint, it's so dark 
 I'd be lying if I said I ain't hit at least nine of my friends 
 Plus, I got so much candy paint in my rims 
 Paint be flyin' off my car be candy paintin' the neighborhood kids 
 I got that whole block lookin' like it's Candyland 
 Ask about me, man, they be like, there go the candy man 
 I park the car in the garage and go in and 
 Come back the next mornin', the rims are still spinnin' 
 Hit the doors on that Phantom, man, that shit looks like the Batmobile 
 Thirty-two inch rims, shit, I ain't even got no wheels 
 Custom-fitted, custom-kitted wood grain 
 Custom everything, what's that on the seat, custom mustard stain 
 Now let's go hit the mall, y'all know that we finna ball 
 Get out the car, they be like, ah, there go them superstars 
 Hit every single store, flash a fuckin' wad of cash 
 But I ain't buying shit, bitch, kiss my candy-painted ass, we 
  
 [Hook] 
 Ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably 
 Ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably 
 Ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably ba-ba-ba controllably 
 Ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Hit the corner liquor store to get Corona, tip the owners 
 Sipped it on the way out as I dipped, I wanna rip the road up 
 And I'mma hit the cinema and I'mma get the hoes 
 When I be at a theater shit, anything goes 
 I'm ballin' outta control, girls know I'm loaded with dough 
 But shit, I'm stingy as fuck, I'm fuckin' stingy as hoes 
 These bitches don't get a crumb, and it come but I'm like what up 
 Shut up, bitch, sit up, get up off them knees, my candy paint's enough 
 If you're lucky, I'll let you hug me, but that's all you get 
 Then I'mma split, disappear, a cloud of smoke is all you see 
  
 [Hook] 
 Ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably 
 Ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably 
 Ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably ba-ba-ba controllably 
 Ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Bitch, get the fuck out my car if we ain't finna fuck 
 I'm horny as fuck bitch, are you suckin' my dick or what 
 I'll fuck a chick in the butt, I really don't give a shit 
 Is pretty Marshall gonna have to go choke me a bitch 
 You fuckin' keyed up my Benz bitch, I beat up my friends 
 Don't think I won't beat a bitch, I'll kick a six-year-old in the ribs 
 You fuckin' retard, I'll have you suckin' farts out my seat 
 I'll teach you not to know how to control your bowels when you eat 
 What the fuck do you think that colostomy bag is for, looks? 
 I ain't waste nine bullets on you for you to not sing no hooks 
 I fuckin' take a Make a Wish Foundation patient with me 
 How 'bout some coke inside of your saline solution IV 
 Turn around and use it on me, you tryna snort all my keys 
 You fuckin' brat, get in back, you're comin' to Florida with me 
 Tell your momma I'mma drop you off at the hospital later 
 We finna make this run, take this gun and cover me, Slater and quit your 
  
 [Hook] 
 Ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably 
 Ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably 
 Ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably ba-ba-ba controllably 
 Ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably, ballin' uncontrollably ba-ballin' uncontrollably 
  
 [Outro] 
 Tracy, I joined this class cuz I thought I’d be cooking with a partner 
 But she’s never here, and I don’t get twice the credit for all the work 
  
 I didn't invent odd numbers Seth 
  
 I know, but I’m over here in my unit, every day, cooking my terrible-tasting food, and then I gotta look over at Evan, I mean look at him, it looks like the most fun I’ve ever seen in my entire life. And, I’m just saying, I wash and dry, I’m like a single mother. And, no offense but, everyone takes this class to get an A and it’s bullshit, but uh no offense, I’m just saying. And I’m not putting down your profession, but when am I gonna need to cook tiramisu? Am I gonna be a chef? No. There’s 3 weeks left in school, give me a freaking break, sorry for cursing. OH MY GOD that’s like the coolest fucking story I’ve ever heard in my life, it’s insane. Can you tell us again? Do you have time? Tracy, Tracy, can you hear me? I’m in the car right now. Listen, I am McLovin, yeah. McLovin in the house! McLovin in the house! Yeah[Verse 1] 
 (Aight, aight...Uh...Slim Shady...Yo, yo, yo...) 
 It's only fair to warn, I was born with a set of horns 
 And metaphors attached to my damn umbilical cord 
 Warlord of rap that'll bash you with a two by four board 
 And smash into your Honda Accord with a 4-door Ford 
 But I'm more toward droppin' an acapella 
 To chop a fella into mozzarella worse than a helicopter propeller 
 Got you locked in the cellar with your skeleton showing 
 Developing anorexia while I'm standin' next to ya 
 Eating a four course meal, watching you starve to death 
 With an IV in your veins, feeding you liquid Darvocet 
 Pumping you full of drugs 
 Pull the plugs 
 On the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs 
 Who were picked up in an ambulance 
 And driven 
 To receiving with the asses ripped outta they pants 
 And given 
 A less than 20 percent chance 
 Of living 
 Have a possible placement 
 As a hospital patient 
 Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement 
 Doctor Kevorkian has arrived 
 To perform an autopsy on you while you scream "I'M STILL ALIVE!" 
 Driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp, and 
 Pullin' your Adam's apple out through your mouth 
 Better call the fire department 
 I've hired a arson 
 To set fire to carpet 
 And burn up your entire apartment 
 I'm a liar to start shit 
 Got your bitch wrapped around my dick 
 So tight you need a crowbar to pry her apart with 
 Motherfucker, Slim Shady bitch! Recognize! 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Met a retarded kid named Greg, with a wooden leg 
 Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg 
 Go to bed with the keg, wake up with the 40 
 Mixed it with Alka-Seltzer and Formula 44D 
 Fuck an acid tab, I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead 
 Wait until it absorbed in, and fell to the floor dead 
 No more said, case closed, end of discussion 
 I'm blowin' up like spontaneous human combustion 
 Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas 
 Cross the bombers 
 We blowin' up your house, killing your parents 
 And coming back to get your foster mommas 
 And I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus 
 Cause I ain't making no more threats 
 I'm doin' drive-by's in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets 
 I'm more or less sick in the head 
 Maybe more cause I smoked crack 
 Today, yesterday, and the day before 
 Saboteur, walk the block with a Labrador 
 Strappin' more corral for war than El Salvador 
 Foul style galore 
 Verbal cow manure 
 Comin' together like the eyebrow on Al B. Sure! 
 Motherfucker! 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 (Like this, like that, like this 
 Like this, like that, like this) 
 I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless, patrolling corners 
 Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters 
 I'm meaner in action than Roscoe beating James Todd Sr 
 And smackin' his back with vacuum cleaner attachments 
 I grew up in a wild hood 
 As a hazardous youth 
 With a fucked up childhood 
 That I used as an excuse 
 And ain't shit changed 
 I kept the same mindstate 
 Since the third time that I failed 9th grade 
 You probably think that I'm a negative person, don't be so sure of it 
 I don't promote violence, I just encourage it 
 I laugh at the sight of death 
 As I fall down a cement flight of steps 
 And land inside a bed of spider webs 
 So throw caution to the wind 
 You and a friend 
 Can jump off of a bridge, and if you live, do it again 
 Shit, why not? Blow your brain out 
 I'm blowing mine out 
 Fuck it, you only live once, you might as well die now 
  
 [Verse 4] 
 Yo, yo, yo! 
 My mom sent me up to the store with a food stamp 
 For a pack of cigarettes and a book at the news stand (here) 
 Two dudes ran up and jumped out of a blue van 
 I looked down at the ground and picked up a huge branch 
 I swung it at the first dude, the other one with him 
 Seen it snap so fast, it looked like it broke before it hit him 
 So he tried to rush, I swept his legs, pinned him, and bit him 
 He came back with 6 or 7 dudes screaming "GET HIM!" 
 I grabbed one,  lit him on fire, pinned, and bit him 
 The next faggot gave me his shoes like they didn't fit him 
 One by one I just kept dropin' 'em in a rhythm 
 Then I woke up swingin' the middle of the kitchen 
  
 (Damn... damn... damn...)[Intro] 
 Yo yo yo yo yo (this is) 
 This is my motherfuckin' anthem (hip-hop) 
 To hip-hop music (anthem) 
 'Cause I'ma keep doin' hip-hop music 
 Until the day that I die (Until the motherfuckin' day that I die) 
 Aight, bitch? 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Yo, I'm into voodoo, tarot cards and Ouija boards 
 Lightin' candles campin' out at haunted beach resorts 
 I write the dark shit, and rap about perverted violence 
 Ghost stories of people murdered on deserted islands 
 Dressed in jean shorts, high tops and tube socks 
 Holdin' a rifle, with a life full of drama like 2Pac's 
 Jumpin' off rooftops drunk after I do shots 
 Landin' in someone's backyard gettin' chewed up by two rots 
 I got a new watch and two rings with huge rocks 
 This rap shit got cash comin' out the blue like nude cops 
 I use to sell pizzas, now I got twelve visas 
 So tell Jesus that I'ma quit sinnin' when hell freezes 
  
 [Hook] 
 That's why my brain is out of order 
 That's probably why my nights are gettin' colder and my days seem shorter 
 But as the world turns and I keep growin' older 
 I'll be livin' this hip-hop till hell freezes over 
 Bitch, till hell freezes over 
 I'll be livin' this hip-hop till hell freezes over 
 And as the world turns and I keep growin' older 
 I'll be livin' this hip-hop till hell freezes (over) 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Yo, I used to be too heavy in that cruising Gratiot crap 
 I think I fucked my head up listenin' to acid rap 
 I go to parties bumpin' Nasty Nas's new song 
 And smoke pot 'til I get high and stare at shit for too long 
 Like this weed is laced, ain't it? It tastes tainted 
 The whole place fainted, I woke up with my face painted 
 Spaced out like Sci-Fi TV, "Fuck ICP, buy my CD!" (Yeah) 
 That's what I'm screamin' while I'm handin' out promo tapes of my debut 
 Tellin' bitches, "Let me eat your pussy while I shave you!" 
 Ain't no shame in my game, I turn the party out 
 Makin' everybody shout for the rapper with potty mouth 
  
 [Hook] 
 That's why my brain is out of order 
 That's probably why my nights are gettin' colder and my days seem shorter 
 But as the world turns and I keep growin' older 
 I'll be livin' this hip-hop till hell freezes over 
 Bitch, till hell freezes over 
 I'll be livin' this hip-hop till hell freezes over 
 And as the world turns and I keep growin' older 
 I'll be livin' this hip-hop till hell freezes over 
  
 [Outro] 
 Uh (Uh-uh, uh uh-uh, uh uh) 
 Uh uh-uh uh uh 
 Ah ah-ah ah ah 
 Uh uh-uh uh uh 
 Ah ah-ah ah ah 
 Uh uh-uh uh uh (Dr. Dre) 
 Ah ah-ah ah ah 
 (Slim Shady) 
 (Outsidaz)I put my orange 
 4 Inch 
 Door hinge in storage 
 And ate porridge 
 With George[Intro: Eminem] 
 [Eminem beatboxing.] 
 We should do something like that, yeah 
  
 [Hook - 50 Cent] 
 Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck! 
 Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up! 
 Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck! 
 Boom boom chuck, b-boom, Shady! 
  
 [Verse 1 - Eminem] 
 There's never been this, much of a menace in this game as this 
 And it's the, most sinister duo in the business 
 Once again its the, illest and realest killas 
 The most villainous, Dre protege, Shady apprentice 
 Drop them zeros and get with these heroes 
 Do you want losers or winners, this music is in us, and it's 
 Not over till we say it's finished and G-Unit spinners 
 Will keep spinnin', this is Hip Hop when it's in it's 
 Truest form, the greatest, Hate us or love us 
 Make voodoo dolls of us and keep sticking them pins in us 
 Thick as his skin is or as short as his wick is 
 The trick is to be able to walk big as his dick is 
 And as sick as his music is, or was, still is 
 Whatever, forever, he will be the illest 
 To ever sh-shock the world, what to do next 
 He's already reconciled with his {ex}, a chainsaw and an axe 
 Choke a bitch to death, strangle her neck 
 While we have sex, while Bill Clinton plays the sax 
 I sprays the facts, yeah, bring Shady on back 
 The maniac of rap, devil baby on crack 
 Resurrect, I never left, baby, I'm bad 
 I've gone mad, my comrade Dre-zie automatically 
 Says I'm too broke to fix, way beyond that 
 I may be off drugs, but it's made me off track 
 In fact, this right here very well could be the last rap 
 I ever do spit, I'll never do shit, that's that 
 Fuck it, I quit, suck on a dick, jackass 
 I'm done with this whack ass rap, kiss my black ass! 
  
 [Verse 2 - 50 Cent] 
 Nah, Em, tell them to kiss my black ass, the clean parts, the shitty parts 
 My bullet wounds, my beauty marks, the Fif'll tear you're ass apart 
 I came in this game crushin' motherfuckers from the start 
 Shady paid me, Shady crazy, Fifty crazy rich, bitch 
 Different day, nothing change, it's the same shit, trick 
 Teflon wrapped on, case I get clapped on 
 D's searching the whip, glad I left the MAC home 
 Still grinding, still shining, nigga lord knows 
 You rocking with the kid to spit sicker sick flows 
 I carried Game's style for nine months and gave birth to it 
 Now I'm feeling like a proud father watching him do it 
 Everyday Dre day, front and cause a melee 
 Turn the town upside down with a frown upside down 
 I smile through something fowl, and watch my money pile 
 I'm fucking with straight stacks, I'm kicking you straight facts 
 I hit you with it, bag it, pump it, bring me mines right back! 
  
 [Hook - 50 Cent (Eminem)] 
 Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck! 
 Boom boom chuck, Go 'head front, get fucked up! 
 Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck! 
 Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up! 
 Now boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck! 
 Boom boom chuck, I hit your ass up! 
 Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck! 
 Boom boom chuck, Yeah, that's what's up! (Yeah!) 
 Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck! 
 Boom boom chuck, (It's the Re-Up!) 
 Shady, Shady[Intro] 
 Hello, what up? Hello? 
 Yo, I can't, I can't hear you 
 Let me call you right back 
  
 [Verse] 
 I sense someone's tappin' into my phones, why do 
 I got this feeling in my bones I might die soon? 
 The FBI might be tryin' to pull my file soon 
 I might be walkin' blindfold into a typhoon 
 I might be seein' rockets light up the night sky 
 Right outside the window of my living room 
 And if they do, you can say good night 
 And bye-bye to them my tunes 
 If I don't try to record as much before I do 
 The plan is to have as many in the can as I can 
 As I stand before you in this booth a walking-dead man 
 Blank stare, dead pan, look on my face 
 As I gaze into space, as I wait to be scooped up in that van 
 As I mysteriously disappear into thin air 
 And they gonna say a sniper just appeared outta nowhere 
 And I'll go down in the history as the bloodsuckin' leech 
 Who hid behind the freedom of speech 
 Tried to take the 5th Amendment, use it, twist it and bend it 
 And ended up dyin' the villain, not the hero, splendid 
 Stupendous way to end this 
 I can feel the tremors tremendous 
 In remembrance of September 11th 
 Flashback to September 7th 
 When 2Pac was murdered in Vegas 
 He said it, he predicted his own death, let us never forget it 
 Should we ever live to regret it 
 Like the day John F. Kennedy was assassinated in broad day 
 By the crazed lunatic with a gun 
 Who just happened to work on the same block 
 In the library book depository 
 Where the President would go for a little Friday stroll 
 Shots fired from the grassy knoll 
 But they don't know, or do they? 
 Who's they for them to say "touché"? 
 We're all vulnerable and it's spook-ay 
 This is about as kook-ay as I've ever felt now 
 Count down to nuclear meltdown 
 Seven, six, five, four, three, two, one 
 You can run, you can do what you want to 
 But you know you ain't gonna do nothin' 
 When it's time, it's your time, you are the prime target 
 You have become Public Enemy number one[Intro: DJ Green Lantern & Eminem] 
 Fucker 
 Yeah 
 Oh shit, it's the evil genius 
 Green lantern 
 Yeah 
 Ayo, Em 
 Ha ha 
 What we call this shit right here? 
 The Invasion! 
 You have Part One, you got Part Two 
 Now it's 
 Part three 
 The final chapter mother fuckers 
 Armageddon, lets go 
  
 [Hook] 
 I got a riddle: what's little and talks big 
 With midget arms and creamy white fillin' in the middle 
 That will do anything to throw dirt on my name 
 If it means walkin' the whole Mediterranean 
 Is he an Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tasmanian no 
 His name's Raymond and oh, so sorry yo, Osorio 
 But that was a long time ago when I was just Joe Shmoe 
 Rappin' in Joe Blows basement I apologized for it befo', so 
 Either accept it or you don't and lets move on 
 If I've shown that I've grown and get the bone 
 Keep lickin' these nuts you industry mutts 
 Keep walkin' around sniffin' each others butts 
 Or should I say asses 
 What would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses 
  
 [Lloyd Banks] 
 Hold up hold up hold up 
 New York city man 
 It's the kid Lloyd Banks 
 And if you hearin' what I'm hearin' right now 
 You know this ain't no regular shit homie 
 This something special and we gotta bring this back 
 Green, come on 
 Countdown to 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Armageddon 
 Lets go 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 I got a riddle what's little and talks big 
 With midget arms and creamy white fillin' in the middle 
 That will do anything to throw dirt on my name 
 If it means walkin' the whole Mediterranean 
 Is he an Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tasmanian no 
 His name's Raymond and oh, so sorry yo, Osorio 
 But that was a long time ago when I was just Joe Shmoe 
 Rappin' in Joe Blows basement I apologized for it befo', so 
 Either accept it or you don't and lets move on 
 If I've shown that I've grown and get the bone 
 Keep lickin' these nuts you industry mutts 
 Keep walkin' around sniffin' each others butts 
 Or should I say asses 
 What would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 The question I ask is 
 How can I explain this 
 How can I swing this in English language 
 If I switch to slang and turn man to mayn 
 Do I do it in vain or simply to entertain 
 Am I being real or am I being fake 
 Am I just a fraud or am I truly genuine 
 Or am I caught up in this hot water wody on my daughter 
 I told ya I love this culture don't let em' insult ya 
 I'm tell ya one more (a)gain this is the environment that I was brought up in 
 But every now and then I use my pen to get rid of some frustration 
 Or should I say or should I say shun 
 Is it just another one of my subliminal ways of racism 
 Your face is numb your stunned your look is cold 
 Like that of a man of seventy some years old 
 And it only gets colder which Is why I understand 
 And can't be mad at a forty four year old fan 
 With a chip on his shoulder who only owns a half of a magazine 
 And the only way to have it seen is to put me on the front of it again 
 Only thing that makes him grin is to see me frown 
 Papa can't stand me papa needs to take his medication and sit the fuck down 
 In his new chair that goes round and round 
 That he bought from new money in his bank account 
 That I get him every issue when the thang comes out 
 Sit back and let his puffy clown hair come out 
 And let his black side arm wrestle his white side 
 Yell Apartheid loud enough that he might slide 
 He might find someone dumb enough who might ride 
 But ain't nobody over here buyin' two white guys disguised as pro black 
 There is no slack 
 Far heart for college grad. In a fitted hat and a hunch back 
 Standin' by the clearance coat rack 
 In some old slacks and tomorrows old throw backs 
 Yeah 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 Shady in the place to be seen 
 And i got what it takes  to rock the mic right 
 Still not gonna cater these punks 
 Fuckin' cocksuckin' pussy lips haters dicks cuntsEminem riddled everyone by posting the squared picture of "The Equalizer" on Instagram - the movie with his favorite actor, Denzel Washington. 
  
 Just a day later, trailer has arrived. 
  
 It features Sia's singing and Eminem, most likely, singing a bridge to song. This snippet would be from their second collabo, with "Beautiful Pain" being first. 
  
 Eminem is most likely to do a full soundtrack, maybe even a music video for this song and/or make a cameo. 
  
 Stay tuned for more info on the song. As for the movie, it's coming 26th September.[Produced by !llmind] 
  
 [Intro: Big Trigger] 
 Yea Ya'll know what it is 
 Rap City presents Em360 
 Slaughterhouse, Eminem, Big Tigg, Just Blaze! 
 On the 1s and 2s, oh-oh 
  
 [Intro: Eminem] 
 Yo Tigg, get in the not booth 
 And spit the truth, to the young youth 
  
 [Verse 1: Big Trigger] 
 Aight, ay, Amex don't leave home without your cards 
 But this Hip Hop, so don't leave home without your bars 
 And for some of these rap stars, that's just too bad 
 Cause you can't bring out them bars, that you ain't never had 
 It's Eminem and Slaughterhouse, yeah you know we the truth 
 And ohh the game is out of order, since we closed the booth 
 Yes indeed original, beats the replacement cause 
 The back room will never be what the basement was 
  
 [Verse 2: Joe Budden] 
 I'm the realest mo'fucker that I know 
 Wasn't always the case guess the figure had to grow 
 I do it for the love I don't do it for the dough 
 But I know these sucker figures will so they keep me on my toes 
 What's sad is I couldn't tell you what I'm hated for 
 And them painkillers didn't murder the pain they gave me more 
 These fans on my head now they say they want the old Joe 
 I grew up mature y'all can't see that this the old Joe 
 Want to see me lose every battle of depression 
 No matter what it do to me, no matter my regression 
 They want to see me fall, want to ruin my regiment from the start 
 Want to cut the beat off soon as I let em in my heart 
 I'd be the first to admit it, lost focus for a while 
 Sendin' unsolicited dick pics to dimwitted thick chicks 
 Was so high I lost track of my ways 
 Then I fell in love with a baby and got mad at her age 
 The way she act and behave, was it an act or a phase 
 How you trife when I gave you life 
 You was lacking in wage 
 You don't want say hi or speak to me 
 Bet you makin 200 dollars by weekly 
 Try to help the world out, bring some reparation 
 And forget being humble in a state of desperation 
 Ain't gotta ask what to help with no hesitation 
 And for me to deal with it I might need some meditation 
 I love you but its best we stay apart, segregation 
 And to cope with the feeling I might need some medication 
 Trust me I don't never want to see that side of Joe 
 It would kill us all slow, one reason I'm the realest mother-mother I know 
  
 [Verse 3: Royce da 5'9] 
 Its Nickle, riding round in that Maserati four seat 
 Symbol on the grill looking like Tony Stark's goatee 
 Best rapper alive and you know me 
 The most distinguished shooter that's coming up out of the D since Joe D 
 I take mines at lead point 
 At the risk of having to shave my garlic clove in a razor inside a fed joint 
 Hip hop is alive, but the rhymes died 
 Only fear I have is "world star" being yelled from my blind side 
 Don't get me wrong it ain't like I ain't never lost a fight 
 But these days I'm more like a lyrical artiste 
 I'm outlining everybody in chalk white 
 The off-beat deceased version of Dr. Narcisse 
 This ain't blueprint, your idolizing 
 You tryna jump fast that's foolish of you in my drunk past and handing me my pilot's license 
 That's plain stupid, your boy's a star 
 Sitting in that drop top fish bowl and the doors ajar 
 It's ironic I remember when I couldn't afford a car 
 And now it's back and forth 
 The black one or white one I call 'em Macklemore 
 And Lord Jamar, first we defyin' the odds 
 We not a group, we more like a circular firing squad 
 This not a booth, this is our house and we won't stop 
 We killed the cypher two times already 
 What you gon' give us an award 
 But we won't stop for shutting down the internet 
 Now tell ya momma hi, and tell Rihanna we ain't finished yet 
  
 [Verse 4: Joell Ortiz] 
 When we step in that booth, that's when the flame enters 
 Best spit, make any set trip, yeah its the gang members 
 Waving that shady flag, navy jag 
 Matching the yank' fit, with the polo brief showing, due to the lazy sag 
 I'm in a crazy kind of place 
 I got this thing right on my waist that'll leave tears on your baby mommas face 
 So chill, I'm in a crazy kind of place, I got this thing below my waist 
 That'll leave kids on your baby mommas face, for real 
 The flow gets cracked, as it came in capsules 
 Your cap just started snapping 
 My starter caps was snapping 
 When cross color was cracking 
 And my cane was half full 
 With the half moon park, hope you rap dudes smart 
 Don't piss me off like the bathroom mop 
 You don't want it with me 
 If I'm throwing hooks at you, that don't mean the chorus for free 
 So save your jabs its way better 
 If I start throwing jabs I'm talking Zabs first three round against Mayweather 
 Yeah I'm a crook from the brook, that mastered how (?) shook turned notebook 
 Broke cook, I'm so dope look 
 Bring the beat back with no hook just bars 
 Just a thing of ours that make their pants drop, make em open up their bras 
 Move g-strings like guitars, that's nothing, that's something light 
 Like Riesling at the bar 
 Y-A-O-W-A, if y'all ain't saying Yaowa by now you got nothing to say 
 This like NWO vs NWA, y'all like the rockers versus the ROC 
 Full of nothing but Jays 
 Check the rocks its nothing fugaz' 
 But don't get stupid my Cooper clique will throw shots for a couple of days 
 Make it horny when we out, Amityville horror, y'all don't want it with the house 
  
 [Verse 5: Crooked I] 
 Slaughter season, y'all the reason 
 Real dudes I'm bringing some more in 
 Like a Polynesian 
 Sick with the llama squeezing 
 Bullets flew and the chopper sneezing 
 Got your body and legs torn, but before you was airborne 
 You was bob and weaving still getting hit till your nos' is weezing 
 They set you deep in your coffin sleeping 
 I'm gone off the deep end, I'm a wolf, this industry my sheep skin 
 I'm out here hunting with my ink pen 
 I'm living like a kingpin 
 Doing it for my g's in the pen 
 Dreaming about two-piecing a police chief's chin 
 You rappers something candy coated, I don't like suckers 
 I'm Iron Mike, I don't like Busters 
 You looking for em' fly dudes like Orville and Wilbur 
 You got the Wright brothers 
 No bright jeans, no bright colors 
 I'm the second coming, the one that Pac predicted 
 Islamic, Gnostic and Christian, the flow so godly you got to listen 
 I backed you in a dodge a minute 
 Like MC Eiht in a L.A. hat, these rappers straight tryna dodge a menace 
 I'm looking at your videos, look like your watching tennis 
 Brothers dressed like Maria Sharapova wearing yoga pants 
 Meanwhile Big Poppa was rocking linens 
 I guess that era's over man, hold on 
 I'm splitting atoms when the scientific spitting is getting at em' 
 I give em' different patterns, they didn't fathom, they stealing my styles 
 Before me you didn't have em' 
 You rappers made in my image like when God was inventing Adam 
 Stab em in the abdomen when its crunch time 
 I truly flip like Mayweather pissed of at a movie script 
 Too many punchlines 
 Family I'm amongst mine 
 I keep the peace like a monks mind 
 .357 fade your favorite barber 
 Leave you in an old bush like an unshaven Barbara 
 Don't stop what we doing 
 When you see L.A. your team will be ruined 
 This game need a new villain, I'm the kind to murder you on vine, ooh kill em' 
  
 [Introduction: Big Trigger] 
 Ladies and gentlemen 
 Now introducing the man, the myth, the legend 
 Mister Marshall Mathers AKA (chicka-chicka) Slim Shady 
  
 [Verse 6: Eminem] 
 Ayo can we cut this beat off 
 I might need to do this acapella, yo 
 Role model? 
 I'll roll a model down a hill over broke bottles of coke products 
 If she don't swallow, and tie her to the bumper, hit the throttle 
 While I'm tryna hit the pot holes, I'll freaking take Madonna to McDonalds 
 Any ho'll end up horizontal gettin' fondle 
 I don't cuddle, I don't coddle 
 Only motto that I follows is everything I drive, whether it's a  Navajo or a Tahoe 
 It's got a ho in it 
 Nah ho, I don't got no freaking bronco 
 You looking for a buck, get a horse, fuck Tonto 
 I got a rusty Hondo with some bondo 
 And a box of condoms you little blond ho 
 Fuck me? Fuck you too, like I'm at Bonnaroo booing Bono 
 And I ain't from this planet so nanu, nana, nanu 
 I'm intolerable, too volatile, screw it 
 I don't got too make the honor roll to be on a roll 
 I don't know much, what I do know I do it pronto though 
 So knock it off, all these knock-off-me's, 
 The last thing the world needs is another me 
 But if you think this is part 2 to Recovery 
 Or to "Love the Way You Lie" part twelve 
 Or something heart felt, you 'bout to make a discovery 
 Like you found Christopher Columbus' compass 
 Ain't dumbing shit down for you dumb motherfuckers, so suck it 
 I took your best punchline like a punch in the stomach 
 That punctured a lung punk and I'm still functioning from it 
 Chump it was nothing 
 Now watch while I fuckin' one up it and toot my own horn 
 Once I think of something to trump it 
 And I don't need a fucking instrument to sound off 
 Like the trunk of an elephant; the triumphant 
 Return of the ether spitting retard, reborn 
 But chances of you having another re-birth, slim to none 
 Like a skinny Mother Teresa, give a fuck if it's Easter, so kiss my keister 
 'Cause that's the only thing I'll turn the other cheek for[Narrator] 
 Torture chambers, secret passageways, vats of acid, and deadly vaults 
  
 [Intro] 
 I said, ohh 
 Damn, it feels good to be back 
 I'm having a Relapse 
  
 [Eminem] 
 How the hell did he manage to get more felony charges? 
 He's already got life in jail man, what the hell is his problem? 
 Well to be honest, the smell of these chronic leaves make me hella demonic 
 They've compelled me to kill this elderly man 
 And I get these panic attacks, pop a Xanax, relax 
 Trying to stick my fucking dick inside a mannequin's ass 
 Then I get manic depressed, see the orthodontist, get gassed 
 Man, it's kick ass, the first thing I put on is the mask 
 Speaking of masks, man, it ain't too late to have a change of pace 
 And take it off and show my face, so you can see the things you face 
 And slice you up and cook you after you're murdered by strangulation 
 That's bacon souffle you making, ain't you? Well, thank you, Jason 
 There goes one more coma, due to blunt force trauma 
 Just give me one more Soma and I'll be done for mama 
 Go in the damn broom closet, another Valium, lost it 
 Shoving the vacuum nozzle, down the bathroom faucet 
 It seems like everyday I get a little flakier 
 The medication is making my hands a little shakier 
 Hand me that eighteen-month-old baby to shake him up 
 It'll only take me a second to choke his trachea 
 Breaking his neck in eighty-some places baby, here Shady comes, lady 
 He's got the razor b-blades and the ch-ch-chainsa-saw, baby 
 You b-b-blundering, bumbling, m-m-mumbling dum-dums 
 Yeah, here I come-come, you hear the rumbling vrumm-vrumm? 
 There's something inside of that blue tub and that drum, drum 
 A head and torso of someone, where'd it come from? 
 Who's it belong to? Maybe the girl with the long, blonde 
 Hair who disappeared and left her cheerleader pom-poms 
 Clearly there's somethin' wrong, cause she didn't come home 
 She's missing, where is she? Something fishy is going on 
 I guess he stuck the bitch with the pitchfork with the long prongs 
 Now everybody get your dance on to my damn song, come on[Intro] 
 Oh no, what's happening to my brain? 
 I can't believe this is happening again! 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Lava on my lips I flips, wake up think I have a cramp 
 I'm trying to shove the lava lamp up my father's ass 
 I think I'm out of gas, man, I need another mask 
 I'd ask my mother but I think she's laughing at the plants 
 A half a gram of graham crackers and some Van de Kamp's 
 I think I'll eat some Ambiens like they're candied yams 
 Cut a couple cadavers up and have a little snack 
 Abra-fucking-cadabra, motherfucker look who's back 
 Just like a pendulum, Satan's pentagram swings 
 I accidentally dented it and bent the damn thing 
 Shit I think I might have did it when I was dancing 
 While I was chopping one of my legs off when I pulled a hamstring 
 First I Re-Up, then I Relapse 
 Go to rehab and I Detox after I see Doc 
 And I'll be back with the sequel, repeat the cycle 
 Cause I react like the She-Hulk when I see NyQuil 
  
 [Hook] 
 Oh no! (Oh no!) 
 Here we go again (again) 
 Don't know (don't know) 
 When it's going to end 
 Uh, oh! (Uh, oh!) 
 Where did it begin? 
 Don't go (don't go) 
 Maybe way back when 
 (Relapse!) 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Into the well, baby Jessica fell, she may have wetted herself 
 Quit playing, get her some help 
 Mary Kay Letourneau sending me letters from jail, every day in journals 
 Saying how, she wanted to smother me in lettuce and mayo 
 I'm the medicine man, my medical marijuana 
 Was prescribed by a doctor, shove a typewriter up 
 Perez Hilton's ass, shit, almost forgot that 
 He's always shoving something up his ass so why not that? 
 And fuck it while I'm venting let's shove a vending machine 
 Up his rear end when he's bending over pretending that he 
 Didn't say anything that would be offending to me 
 Stick his head in a blender, begin blending in G 
 Where should I put the pink sissy with the fluffy hair? 
 Put him under the stairs? People are already under there 
 Hmm, I wonder where. Wait, I think the cubpoard's bare 
 Stuff him up in the Tupperware and shove him up in there 
  
 [Hook] 
 Oh no! (Oh no!) 
 Here we go again (again) 
 Don't know (don't know) 
 When it's going to end 
 Uh, oh! (Uh, oh!) 
 Where did it begin? 
 Don't go (don't go) 
 Maybe way back when 
 (Relapse!) 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Vicodin's like a nitrogen hydrogen vitamin 
 I bite into five and then I get high as a kite again 
 I like it when I get in my zone on the mic again 
 Who am I kidding? I couldn't quit this shit if my life depends 
 I relapsed twice after I came outta Brighton then 
 Yeah, rehab's nice, I had my name up in lights again 
 You see that's why I can't decipher what life I'm in 
 I might pull a knife on your wife and slice her and dice her then 
 It sounds so enticing, isn't it nice when I'm hype again? 
 On nights when I'm like this, no time to write just type it in 
 If I could get my pen to slow down, what'd I write just then? 
 Man I'm 'bout to hyperventilate, I just have hypertension 
 I have the type of mental state you couldn't comprehend 
 Unusually stupid of you for you to think I'm your friend 
 I usually do what I do and suffer no consequence 
 I offer no mercy, the controversy is once again 
  
 [Hook] 
 Oh no! (Oh no!) 
 Here we go again (again) 
 Don't know (don't know) 
 When it's going to end 
 Uh, oh! (Uh, oh!) 
 Where did it begin? 
 Don't go (don't go) 
 Maybe way back when 
 (Relapse!)How the fuck he got an Oscar 
 Passed out in his red Mazda 
 With his fucking head in his pasta 
 In the parking lot of K-Mart plaza 
 Across from the Red Lobster 
 Looking like the Loch Ness Monster 
 Dressed like a cross-dressed mobster 
 Talk is cheap, it costs less to gossip 
 I'll probably be a lot less hostile 
 If you snots kept your schnozzes out the air holes 
 You'll get fucked in all seven holes 
 Ass, mouth, pussy yeah, both ears and ha yes nostrils 
 At the OzzFest with Nas 
 Bumping Das EFX in a wrecked up Datsun 
 And dropped two extra strength Watson Vicodin out my pocket 
 They cost less 
 I'm a hot mess 
 Cause I tripped and got my head stuck 
 In a wasps nest in the process, awesome 
 Drunk as fuck, one sock 
 Pulling my boxers up with boxing gloves 
 But I keep dropping my fucking binoculars 
 Got two fucking Hydroxycuts 
 And four oxi’s stuck in my esophogus 
 These three lesbian little stocky sluts 
 Thought I swallowed two hockey pucks 
 Started screaming "serves you right you cocky fuck 
 That's what you get for mocking us 
 Ain't as cool as you thought you was" 
 Bitch all I did when I walked up was have my dick in a sock 
 Said it was a sock puppet 
 So no strings attached 
 You can all suck it 
 Chicka get it, ah fuck it 
 Shit’s bout to get as hairy as motherfucking Chewbaca's nuts 
 Cocksuckas[Intro: Angela Workman] 
 Ain't no one special, special like you 
 Ain't no one special, special like you 
 Ain't no one special, special like you 
 Ain't no one special, special like you 
 I been searchin' 
 But you're the one I want in my life, baby 
 I been searchin' 
 But you're the one I want in my life, baby 
 I been searchin' 
 But you're the one I want in my life, baby 
 I been searchin' 
 But you're the one I want in my life, baby 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I'm reminiscin' on your tenderness 
 And the snugglin' and teasin' 
 Missin' what I remember 
 Kissin' and huggin' and squeezin' 
 Buggin' and wheezin' 
 I'm havin' trouble when breathin' 
 It's even tougher when sleepin' 
 But there's a couple of reasons that I'm sufferin' and grievin' 
 For lovin' and leavin' 
 You're all I'm thinkin' of in the evenin' 
 You got my knees bucklin' and weakenin' 
 Thoughts of nothin' but freakin' 
 That I'm strugglin' to keep in 
 And interrupt when I'm speakin' 
 I got some game that I'm preparin' to run 
 The way your lips sparkle and they glare in the sun 
 You got your hair in a bun 
 No matter what you're wearin' you stun 
 'Cause you're comparin' to none 
 I want to share in the fun, I feel a passionate lust 
 When I imagine it just alone at last when it's us 
 I see you graspin' to trust 
 But my intentions are good, let's leave the past in the dust 
 I'm not askin' to rush 
 And answer me immediately 
 I just wanna be there for you and you to be there for me 
 If you agree to repeat after me 
 "I love you" (I love you, baby) 
 'Cause I just need you to see 
 How much I'm eager to be your man legally wed 
 Your love's keepin' me fed 
 This is easily said, so you can lead or be led 
 If you care to be down 
 'Cause ain't nobody like you nowhere to be found 
  
 [Hook: Angela Workman] 
 I been searchin' 
 But you're the one I want in my life baby 
 I been searchin' 
 But you're the one I want in my life baby 
 I been searchin' 
 But you're the one I want in my life baby 
 I been searchin' 
 But you're the one I want in my life baby 
  
 [Verse 2: Mr. Porter] 
 Baby, it's all on you, it's you I call on, boo 
 Let's set a day up so you can fall on through 
 We'll take a spin in a Lexus 
 You can chill for dinner and breakfast 
 Long enough to see how this gentleman sexes 
 We'll start it off with caviar, Dom Pérignon 
 And then when it's a fact we are warm, carry on 
 We'll take it slow, see, nobody will hurry things 
 I got the Izze, the Bacardi and Hurricane 
 If Daiquiris are in debate and not your thang that day 
 It's still all right 'cause I got Minute Maid and Tangeray 
 You're an incredible one that's rare 
 I bet in edible underwear 
 You'll look impeccable, none compare 
 I dream of freakin' you, the women that I'm speakin' to 
 It seems that there is not an end to things that we can do 
 So, now we all set to play, only thing left to say 
 Is when you step away, baby, look over in the négligée 
  
 [Hook: Angela Workman] 
 I been searchin' 
 But you're the one I want in my life baby 
 I been searchin' 
 But you're the one I want in my life baby 
 I been searchin' 
 But you're the one I want in my life baby 
 I been searchin' 
 But you're the one I want in my life baby 
 Ain't no one special, special like you 
 Ain't no one special, special like you[Eminem] 
 Here we go again 
  
 [50 Cent] 
 Does it make you mad when I switch my flow 
 You can't understand how I get my dough 
 50 Cent, I'm on fire cause Shady said so 
 I'm on Fire 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Everybody's in a rush try to get the throne 
 I just get on the track and try to set the tone 
 I ain't trying to use nobody as a steppin' stone 
 But don't compare me, I'm better off just left alone 
 And I ain't even trying to go there with record sales 
 I'm just trying to keep it humble and respect myself 
 Say what up, keep stepping, and just rep D12 
 Keep my nose clean, stay away from weapons, jail 
 And living reckless 
 But if you go check my belt 
 You may see something else I used to protect myself 
 A vest, to stop a Rueger and deflect the shells 
 And send 'em back at you faster than they left the barrel 
 And I don't even carry guns no more, I don't got to 
 Got undercover cops that'll legally pop you 
 And I done seen a lot of people cross the line 
 But this motherfucker Ja must have lost his mind 
 That X, got him thinkin' he was DMX 
 Then he switched to 'Pac now he's tryna be him next 
 So which one are you? X, Luther, Pac or Michael 
 Just keep singin' the same song, recycled 
 We'd all much rather get along than fight you 
 Me and Hailie dance to your songs, we like you 
 And you don't really wanna step inside no mic booth 
 C'mon now, you know the white boy'll bite you 
 I hurt your pride dawg and you know I don't like to 
 But I will if I have to, with syllable after syllable I just slap you 
 Killin' you fasta than you poppin' pill after little pill of them tabs of that shit you on 
 But if you want it you got it you'd bump this shit too, if we ain't diss you on it 
 But if we lock horns we can charge harder than Busta 
 We bump heads wit any motherfucker that wants to 
 So whats the, deal where was all the tough talk? 
 When I walked up to you like, Ja what up dawg? 
 How come you didn't say you had a problem then? 
 When you was standin' there wit all your men, we coulda solved this then 
 I'mma grown man dawg come holla 
 All you did was slap hands, smile and swallow 
 Another one of them little X pills in front of me 
 And tell me 50 Cent was everything you wanna be come on 
  
 [Hook: 50 Cent] 
 I know you don't want it with me, you know you don't want it with me 
 You, talk an', soon you gon' see, you don't wanna bump heads with me 
 I know you don't want it with me, tou, talk an' you soon you will see 
 You know you don't want it with me 
  
 [Verse 2: Tony Yayo] 
 You couldn't son me if my father helped you 
 My punchlines is hot, my bars will melt you 
 Ja you Stuart Little, shells'll lift you 
 Every other week I'm buyin' a new pistol 
 I clap at your ass with this chrome 38 
 And put six thru your hats, a seven and 3/8's 
 Irv you ain't Suge Knight, you should shook night 
 I put my knife in ya wind pipe and breeze through the turnpike 
 You know and I know who took ya chain 
 You got robbed two times so ya ass is lame 
 I'm down to die for this shit all I need is bail 
 You better stick to the movies with Steven Segal, bitch 
  
 [Hook: 50 Cent] 
 I know you don't want it with me, you know you don't want it with me 
 You, talk an', soon you gon' see, you don't wanna bump heads with me 
 I know you don't want it with me, tou, talk an' you soon you will see 
 You know you don't want it with me 
  
 [Verse 3: Lloyd Banks] 
 Fuck that, I'm miles away 
 And these industry niggas startin' to get outta hand 
 Like I won't find your whereabouts by stompin' 'em out ya man 
 We killin' New York, even in Compton they understand 
 I'm on the block where you was raised doin' chocolate up out your van and 
 They see me pop a boy for icey cause I could 
 But you been gone so long you probably forgot your way around the hood (hood) 
 Cause when you paranoid it's hard to make a song 
 How you want it wit' us, half of your artists got make-up on 
 Every magazine I own your on your knees takin' prayer pictures 
 And you ain't even got shot yet, you scared bitches 
 You don't know nothin' about what pain is sucka 
 I'll put your ass underground like a train conductor, muh'fucker 
  
 [Hook: 50 Cent] 2X 
 I know you don't want it with me, you know you don't want it with me 
 You, talk an', soon you gon' see, you don't wanna bump heads with me 
 I know you don't want it with me, tou, talk an' you soon you will see 
 You know you don't want it with me[Intro: Eminem and Denaun Porter] 
 Denaun, what up, man? 
 What up, dawg? 
 You all right? 
 Chillin', cold as hell 
 Yes, it is. Hey, bus didn't come here, didn't he? 
 No. Hey look, you got 15 cent? 
 Nah, I got just enough to get on the bus, I'm broke 
 We gotta go to the store. Alright, man? 
 Quick, ‘cause I'm short 
 Yeah, we gonna have enough time to go to the store? 
 Nah, look 
 You should just, how much you got there? 
 I only got 75, I'm sure I got a dollar, know what I mean? 
 Just throw it in there, they ain't gonna know. You know what? Ayy look, I'm sick of takin' this damn bus everywhere, man 
 You gotta make some moves or somethin' 
 I know, look, I'm tryna get rich 
 I got a baby on the way, I don't even got a car. You know what I'm sayin'? 
 I still stay with my moms, 21 and still with my moms 
 Yeah, look, hey, we gotta make some hit records or somethin', you know what I'm sayin'? 
 'Cause I'm tired of bein' broke 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 'Cause all I do is yearn a life without a concern 
 And dream of havin' a turn to earn money to burn 
 Mappin' out my strategies to get rich, huh 
 My desire is like a scratch that needs to get itched, huh 
 'Cause, man, I live in the D, this shit ain't given for free 
 Nothin' is different to me, so what else is there to see? 
 I'll be the prisoner to flee from all of this misery 
 I'm not wishin' to be another fish in the sea 
 But just an MC, so listen to me for this and agree 
 You're missin' the key, you ain't even in the vicinity 
 Unconditionally, my aspects to cash checks 
 My objects were never to swab decks 
 It's up to you, the decision is yours 
 If what you vision is tours, or a missionless course 
 When your shit is in the stores, 'cause you can be a star 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 No matter wherever you are 
 You're never too far from revenue par 
 'Cause you can be king 
 You can rule the world, you can do anything 
 It's on you, baby, 'cause you can be a star 
 No matter wherever you are 
 You're never too far from revenue par 
 'Cause you can be king 
 You can rule the world, you can do anything 
 It's on you, baby, 'cause you can be a star 
 No matter wherever you are 
 You're never too far from revenue, huh 
  
 [Interlude: Eminem and Denaun] 
 Em: You know what I'm sayin'? See what I'm talkin' about, man? ‘Cause that's it. Yeah. 
 A million dollars ain't even that far away, man. 
 De: Yo, we got to get the money, man! 
 I can't be broke for the rest of my life! 
 Em: Yeah, I hear what your sayin'. Look, there's got to be somethin' better, you know what I'm sayin'? 
 De: I can't live like this for the rest of my life, man. 
 Bummin' rides everywhere I go. 
 Em: Yeah, what's up with Lexus's and Land Cruisers? 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Yo, I'm not about to chance it and dismiss handlin' business 
 I'm cancelin' Christmas to gamble and risk this 
 Financial interest is the matter at hand 
 I got an adequate plan for stab at a grand 
 I grab what I can and do what I must 
 Pursue what I lust, it's true that I just 
 Choose the few that I trust 
 Them's the people that I still got 
 Fuck with gangsta Philpot, get your grill shot 
 The 5 Ela for life: my man Thyme 
 Proof, Kyu and Denaun, we move through in the nine 
 My crew's true and divine, we never fronted 
 We just wanted to be funded, and live to be a hundred 
 Instead of hunted or bein' wanted as fugitives 
 It's all about a man plannin' what his future is 
 What he can do for his to be a star 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 No matter wherever you are 
 You're never too far from revenue par 
 'Cause you can be king 
 You can rule the world, you can do anything 
 It's on you, baby, 'cause you can be a star 
 No matter wherever you are 
 You're never too far from revenue par 
 'Cause you can be king 
 You can rule the world, you can do anything 
 It's on you, baby, 'cause you can be a star 
 No matter wherever you are 
 You're never too far from revenue, huh 
  
 [Outro: Eminem and Denaun] 
 Em: That's what I'm talkin' about. 
 I'm not tryna be the player, I'm tryna be the mayor. 
 I want to be president. 
 De: Yo, forgot that president, man. 
 I'm tryna be king, makin' dead presidents. 
 You know what I'm sayin'? 
 Gettin' money any time I want, ownin' my own businesses and all that. You know what I'm sayin'? 
 Em: Yeah, I'm tryna be a millionaire, man. 
 De: Hahaha, but don't all, you know? 
 You only live once, '96, baby[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Yo, weed lacer, 97 burgundy Blazer 
 Wanted for burglary, had to ditch the Mercury Tracer 
 I’m on some loced shit, some fed up with the bein’ broke shit 
 I’m not to joke with, bitch I don’t sell crack, I smoke it 
 Havin' a coke fit, goin' through withdrawals daily 
 Shoot up with mescaline in front of my baby daughter Hailie 
 My brain’s dusted, I’m disgusted at all my habits 
 Too many aspirin tablets, empty medicine cabinets 
 Losin' battles to wack rappers cause I’m always too blunted 
 Walkin’ up in the cypher smokin’, talkin’ about “Who want it?” 
 Thug and a crook; every drug in the book I’ve done it 
 My 9’s at your brain, is that you chain? run it 
 Crews die from an overdosage of excessive flavor 
 Aggressive nature got me stickin’ you for your Progressive pager 
 Spectacular, battle rap manufacturer 
 Stole your momma’s Acura, wrecked it, and sold it back to her 
 Boostin’ Nike jackets, escaped from psychiatrics 
 Told the nurse to save my bed for me, I might be back trick 
 So barricade your entrance, put up some extra fences 
 A woman beater, wanted for repeated sex offenses 
 Chasin’ dips – take ‘em on long vacation trips 
 Kidnappin’ ‘em and trappin’ ‘em in abusive relationships 
 Mess up your face and lips, slit your stomach and watch your gut split 
 Gut you with that razor that I use to shave my nuts with 
 Mama, don’t you cry, your son is too far gone 
 I’m so high, I don’t even know what label I’m on 
 I’m messed up, I feel just like an overworked plumber 
 I’m sick of the crap, what’s Jack Kevorkian’s phone number?[Hook] 
 Put it on my wee-wee 
 Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange 
 Put it on my wee-wee 
 Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange 
 Put it on my wee-wee 
 Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange 
 Put it on my wee-wee 
 Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Got a dick as big as a banana 
 I try to control it but I guess I can't 
 It shoots off like an AK-clip banana 
 You better watch out, Hannah Montana 
 Man, what's the matter, have you no manners? 
 No you know the girl from Juno's address 
 Yeah, I'ma probably go to jail for that 
 Now I got the cops on my tail for that 
 Run up on your car with a stale banana 
 In your tail pipe, can't believe you fell for that 
 It could've been a molotov cocktail for that 
 Wait a minute man, what the hell was that? 
 I heard a noise, where you going? What are you, bananas? 
 You can't go back there, stupid ass 
 I just seen a woman in a Freddy Kruger mask 
 Who the fuck are you? Superman? 
 All you have is a little stupid can 
 Of whipped cream, what the hell you gonna do with that? 
 I'ma put it on my wee-wee, oh good answer 
 Super bonanza extravaganza 
 Man go ahead, what you waiting for? 
 You better get them clothes off, baby boy 
 Come on let's go, we're gonna make a porn 
 Ready, set, go hit play, record 
  
 [Hook] 
 Put it on my wee-wee 
 Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange 
 Put it on my wee-wee 
 Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange 
 Put it on my wee-wee 
 Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange 
 Put it on my wee-wee 
 Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Are you ready? You better hold the camera steady 
 She's probably back there with a damn machete 
 She's probably gonna eat you like canned spaghetti 
 She's probably gonna kill you, still wanna check, see 
 Have a little quick look, go on sick prick 
 She's probably six foot tall like Big Foot 
 The hell with that, we probably should run 
 Don't dare look back, we probably, probably 
 Probably, there probably was a problem 
 At the post office or something 
 But you probably didn't know that, did you? 
 Now what you gonna do when she gets you? 
 I ain't going with you, forget you 
 Quit tryna hold my hand, mister 
 Pretend she's your little sister, little sister 
 Might as well take the whipped cream with you 
 And when you see her, make sure you get a picture 
 We could try to make another Blair Witch movie 
 A beastiality porno with smoothies 
  
 [Hook] 
 Put it on my wee-wee 
 Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange 
 Put it on my wee-wee 
 Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange 
 Put it on my wee-wee 
 Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange 
 Put it on my wee-wee 
 Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 It's eerie, but here comes Zack and Miri 
 Beauty and the Beast, his back is hairy 
 But she don't care, they're attractive, very 
 Very sexually active, very 
 No, Zack, don't go back in there 
 It's too late now, she's grabbin' hair 
 He screams, bloody Mary, grabs a mirror 
 But stop just ain't in her vocabulary 
 Get off me, please, get off me, stop 
 Balling back at a coffee shop 
 They go non-stop, she says go 
 He says no, she says oh 
 Back and forth, they scream and shout 
 Yeah, boy, let them demons out 
 It's the kind of nightmare you dream about 
 Uh-oh, now the whipped cream is out 
 I get sick thoughts, sick, sick, thoughts 
 Things you could do with your lipstick gloss 
 Put it on my dick 'til the tip looks orange 
 Bitch, keep goin', bitch, keep goin' 
  
 [Hook] 
 Put it on my wee-wee 
 Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange 
 Put it on my wee-wee 
 Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange 
 Put it on my wee-wee 
 Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange 
 Put it on my wee-wee 
 Banana, strawberry, pineapple, orange 
  
 [Outro] 
 Banana 
 Banana 
 Banana 
 Banana 
 Banana 
 Banana[Skit: Slim Shady, Eminem] 
  
 "Eminem..." 
 "No..." 
 "Eminem!" 
 "No..." 
 "Hahaha. Wake the fuck up, motherfucker." 
 "What do you want from me?!" 
 "Hahahaha. Remember me?" 
 "I killed you!" 
 "You thought I was dead, didn't you?" 
 "What do you want from me?!" 
 "I'm alive..." 
 "Oh, God..." 
 "Get up." 
 "No." 
 "Get up and look in the mirror." 
 "I don't want to!" 
 "Look in the mirror, it's just a reflection. Haha" 
 "Leave me alone!!!" 
 "Look in the mirror! You're nothing! You're nothing without me! Look in the motherfucking mirror!" 
 "Leave me alone!!! Leave me the fuck alone!!!" 
 [Eminem punches the mirror, breaking it.] 
  
 [Low, Down, Dirty being scratched.]High on? What'd you say, trick? What am I on? 
 Two tubes of airplane glue and a can of Krylon 
 Eatin' a crayon, settin' fire to rayon 
 Flamin' the nylons of two white lesbians screamin', "Die, blondes" 
 Strike matches on white patches of dry lawns 
 And I run and jump right in front of the fire hydrants 
 Five blunts, and you expect me to die once 
 With nine lives, fuckin' chickens in front of my blind wives? 
 Suicidal, my friends tell me to try knives 
 You wanna mess with a mothafucka who skydives 
 Out of a plane to give the Statue of Liberty high fives? 
 Doin' drive-bys and miss you with five tries 
 It's Slim Shady and BET and Big Tigger, all y'all who see me flee[Marv Won] 
 Yo, yo, y'all ready for death? Y'all ready for death? 
 Marv Won, the Fat Killer 
 The game done got ugly, let's go, yo, yo 
 I seen your type before, you think you're tough 
 Battle you? Bitch, you lucky I don't beat you up 
 In a game of fisticuffs, I'll push your face back 
 You can't fuck with me, man, really, just face facts 
 It's him versus me in a battle of ten rounds 
 It's like Muggsy Bogues tryin' to fuck with Jim Brown 
 Dumb fuck, I'm the type to run amok 
 Come in the club drunk as fuck 
 Slap your bitch so we can buck 
 One hook... type of a man the size of Dan Dierdorf 
 Tryin' to take his ear off, like Mike Tys 
 I'm quite nice on fight nights 
 And why he poppin' shit? Man, I thought he liked life 
 Apparently not, I'm incoherently hot 
 And if I miss you then your parents get shot 
 Yo, I'm a bad boy, bitch, it's on 
 I'll put 44's on your chest like you're Rick Mahorn 
  
 [B-Rabbit] 
 Hold on, faggot, let me turn this mic on 
 Don't think for a minute I'ma let you 
 Get away with that song 
 'Cause that shit was wack, you ain't spittin' 
 As a matter of fact, all of that shit was written 
 And I know it wasn't for me 
 Surely, you really must adore me 
 Now, look it… yo, you might as well move  to Italy 
 Look, this guy's ripped...*skkkrr* – literally 
 You don't wanna really fuck with this 
 On this microphone, I'm not Snuffleupagus 
 But I don't give a fuck, you can keep that dull rap 
 And turn your ass back around with your fuckin' skullcap 
 And your bandana or your motherfuckin' sweatband 
 Fuckin' with this style, you're a dead man 
 I ain't Redman, but on this mic, yo, I pick it up 
 Just like your face when I had to rip it up 
 You don't wanna see me, yo, uh[Eminem] 
 Yo, yo, I'll start it off, yo, yo… 
 My name is Shady, his name is Proof 
 Yo, we used to have a roof up on my house 
 And now we had a mouse that ate the cheese out of the fridge 
 Didn't want to admit that I was on welfare when I was three 
 Plus, when I was four, my mother used to leave 
 She used to always slam the door and say 
 "Goodbye, goodbye, Marshall, I'm leaving, I'm single 
 And right now I'm going to mingle at bingo." 
 "Yeah, see you later, alligator," is what she said 
 And I would always stay at house, freezin' till I'm dead 
 'Cause it was cold inside that house, we never had no heat 
 Yo, Proof used to come walkin' up right up the street 
 And be like, "Yo, what up, Em? How you doin'?" 
 I used be like, "Yeah, man 
 It's good to see you, dawg, but my life's ruined 
 'Cause my mom just left," she left my brother Nate 
 And I hate the fact that we never had no food on our plate 
 So then Proof said: "What up, Em?" 
 Yo, so I said "Proof, won't you come in?" 
  
 [Proof] 
 Yeah, yeah, come in, what’s up with dat? 
 Tango and Cash, came to mingle and blast 
 Together tougher than Alcatraz prison bars 
 Drivin' foreign cars 
 Yes, it's me and my man compadre 
 Black and white, white and ivory and black ebony 
 They can't step to me, rubbery and heavenly 
 They can't see us in the 313 vicinity 
 Ayo, Em, ha ha ha ha 
  
 [Eminem] 
 What up? Ha, ha, I'm comin' like ha ha 
 I'm ill like nah nah, and y'all don't wanna see me 
 'Cause I'm ill with the skill 
 And I can grill and I always keep it real 
 When I built my garage back after it just got burnt down 
 Sorry that my parents weren't always around 
 But it was really hectic growin' up 
 But now I'm blowin' up 
 So it don't matter: every show I do, I'm always showin' up 
 To the club drunk as hell, drunk as fuck, drunk as what? 
 Can't say that on MTV 
 But remember it? Little old wimpy me 
 Who used to always dream to be on MTV 
 Now you can't see me 
 I know you remember that rhyme 
 Ayy, wait a minute, yo check it out, I'm 'bout to flatline 
 Pass the mic back to Proof 
 'Cause we get loose, we drink gin and juice 
 Sip it 'cause we always raise the roof 
  
 [Proof] 
 Ayo, ayo, we all up in your sight like cataracts 
 Me and Em tag-team 
 Beat any of y'all on some battle rap 
 See us next time we strippin' out your Cadillac's 
 How you like that? Soon you down like a battle axe 
  
 [Eminem] 
 I'm down like a battle axe 
 I got a phatter axe to smash 
 And I smash your cataracts 
 'Cause it's a Cadillac's that I be drivin' 
 When I be high off fuckin' vivarin 
 Now you can't see me 'cause I'm revivin' and survivin' 
 In the D, every single day in Detroit 
 If rappers wanna step to me, they better get to the point 
 'Cause they don't understand the way that I do it 
 The fluid that I be spittin' is never written 
 'Cause I'm always, always bitten, 'cause it— 
  
 [Proof] 
 Ayo, you make your neck crack like a snare pop 
 We're fresh and they're not 
 So give it up, don't even do this 
 You're wack, in fact you get flat-lined 
 You need practice 
 We stick you like a cactus 
 Nah, you're not a guy, you're an actress 
 The fact is— 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Here's my address, this is my old address 
 And called… a street called Dresden 
 Yo, dead presidents is what I'm resurrectin' 
 Gotta say what's up to Desmond and JLB 
 But yo, they don't help me 
 Do a thing, they never did 
 When I was a clever kid, rhymin' 
 I always used to go to school and climb in 
 The back baseball diamond 
  
 [Proof] 
 Hey yo, abort, hold up! 
 Hurt shoulder 
 Peace for Kurt Loder 
 Yeah, we're doin' an interview 
 In a minute or two 
 We're gonna enter in you 
  
 [Eminem] 
 In the nude, when we intrude 
 Don't mean to be rude 
 But yo, what's up, dude? 
 How you doin', MTV? 
 How you doin', Kurt? 
 How you doin' everybody else in the world? 
 You gettin' hurt 
 By this freestyle that I be comin' up with 
 Eruptin' and kick your mother in the tummy 
 And in the stomach 
  
 [Proof] 
 Ayo, ayo, and all of this we just done is freestyle 
 Ah, ah, ah, don't touch that dial, yeah 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Hold it right there, I'm your worst nightmare 
 Wipin' diapers on my high chair 
  
 [Proof] 
 What?! Yeah! 
  
 [Eminem] 
 When I was this big 
 Now I'm still bigger, but I'm skinny like a twig 
 Skinny little white boy 
 Growin' up I liked noise 
 I spike punch and light joints 
  
 [Proof] 
 Ayo, everybody looks for us to follow 
 We thrust the bottle, thrust the throttle 
 Bust a bottle over your head 
 Train your thoughts just like Cus d'Amato 
 Your guts is hollow 
 Back up, Proof and Em 
  
 [Eminem] 
 And all them wack MC's steppin' to me at Saint Andrews 
 Just remember that I hate you, and yo, I can't stand you 
  
 [Proof] 
 Yeah! 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Bye bye! 
 Goodbye, good night! 
 Bye bye, good night! 
 Bye bye, good night! 
  
 [Proof] 
 Bye bye, bye bye, bye bye![Intro: Sample] 
 Jealous! 
 Jealous! 
 Jealous! 
 Jealous! 
 Jealous! 
 Jealous! 
 Jealous! 
 Jealous! 
  
 [Woman's voice: (Talking over the singing)] 
 Jealous?! What he mean "jealous"? 
 Know what I'm sayin'? He just mad ‘cause he all with them ugly hoes, know what I'm sayin'? 
 Girls don't buy him no clothes 
 He bought that ho some clothes! 
 He don't buy me no clothes 
 That nigga ain't got no money, no vibe, no dick 
 I mean, what do I got to be jealous fo'? 
 He ain't gonna make it nowhere 
 He ain't got no type of time 
 He has no career move, I mean… 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I come home every single day from workin' double shifts 
 And stop along the way to pick you up a couple gifts 
 I come inside and you pretend you miss me 
 When you kiss me, then you diss me 
 And we strenuously fight continuously 
 Again you frisk me, for numbers, tryin' to bust me 
 It must be only just because you never learned to trust me 
 Plus we only squabble over irrelevant issues 
 Too many tissues for my feelings you misuse 
 I buy you jewelry, you make a fool of me 
 I bring you diamond rings, you say I'm bad at timin' things 
 So what's a man to do 
 When all I hand to you is handed back to me? 
 You act to be this gangsta bitch 
 That ain't what first attracted me 
 I used to love your company 
 Now you’re always pumpin' me for information 
 And you tell your friends you plan on dumpin' me 
 So I'ma wait for your evacuation 
 ‘Cause every accusation 
 Makes me wanna smack your face in 
 See, I've never been so sure, and you're just insecure 
 So my solution to your jealousy presents a cure 
 I recommend you take your things and check 'em in 
 Look at the nervous wreck I'm in 
 I need my second wind—say what?! 
  
 [Hook: Sample x8] 
 Jealo-! 
 Jealousy! 
 Jealousy! 
  
 [Woman's Voice: (Talking over singing)] 
 Fuck you and what you going through! Fuck Eminem! 
 He just mad ‘cause I left that nigga for another man 
 Me and Eminem don't need nothin' but minus money 
 Immature, me? Nigga ain't got no dick 
 No swang in his thang, know what I'm sayin'? 
 He just mad ‘cause I'm gettin' it all night 
 Jealous of me, know what I'm sayin'? 
 That's what I'm talkin' about 
 Motherfucker just tryin' to get this pussy 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I used to be a puppet and a sucker for your silent treatments 
 I used to be intoxicated with your sweet scents 
 Until the day I started followin' your feetprints 
 And tappin' in your phone conversations 
 Through the heat vents—it made complete sense 
 There's someone else you like 
 So I confronted you and asked you, "Who was Mike?" 
 And you was like, (I need a new nigga) 
 "Someone rich that I could follow 
 And you'll be over me by the time you see tomorrow." 
 Leavin' me in sorrow, Brandy never felt so brokenhearted 
 I fell apart when you departed, then the jokin' started 
 I was an open target, you play comedian 
 And I became the laughing stock 
 But now I'm on my feet again 
 And so we meet again, you're actin' like an ex-wife 
 All in my sex life, I got a message from Phife 
 It goes, "You didn't want me to see yo' hon 
 Don't want me now, take the towel, wipe your brow!" 
 Quit tryin' to hunt me down! 
 You run me down and now your tryin' to apologize 
 For all the lies and everytime you made me ball my eyes 
 Because I got a bigger wallet size, you wanna swing it 
 Jealousy is in the house, y'all—fellas, sing it! 
  
 [Hook: Sample x12] 
 Jealo-! 
 Jealousy! 
 Jealousy![Produced by Eminem & Mr. Porter] 
  
 [Intro: Maxine & Denuan Porter] 
 Maxine! 
 Hello 
 Can I speak to Maxine? 
 Yeah, this is me, what's up? 
 What up? 
 Who dis? 
 Denaun 
 Yeah, what's up? 
 What are you doing? 
 Nothing, just laying in bed 
 Huh? 
 Nothing, just laying in bed 
 Why? 
 I don't know, thinking about something freaky to do 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I know this crack fiend, Maxine, who needs a vaccine 
 She tests positive, but tells you that her act's clean 
 Plus she got a sugar daddy 
 Gassin' every hooker that he takes in to crook her badly 
 If you mistook her, sadly, on her reputation 
 You're in jeopardation, if you ain't got no preparation 
 When you stepped away, son, she got her face done 
 Lookin' provocative, she'll let you knock it if 
 You press the issue, and get undressed to kiss you 
 If you match the price, otherwise she won't look at you twice 
 But when you catch the lice, or get the urgency 
 To go to the emergency 'cause it burns to pee 
 Don't bring your germs to me, 'cause I ain't tryna hear it 
 While you're fightin' your fuckin' disease, tryna clear it 
  
 [Verse 2: Kon Artis] 
 Sometimes I wonder, what's your purpose in life? 
 That is to get with every brother 
 And unveil one of his kids 
 Shit, you livin' trife 
 Got three kids at home, and club-hoppin' every night 
 You say it's gonna stop 
 But it just… slows… down… 
 And then speeds back to a regular pace 
 There is no end to this 
 Mystery, whatever your reason even is to be 
 You say you wanna be with me, but how can you say that 
 When you got niggas hidin' in your closet? 
 I refrain from gettin' angry 
 But you keep on actin' strangely 
  
 [Verse 3: 3] 
 I met this girl last week 
 She was a freak, and she liked me 
 So I stepped on it and then asked my homies 
 And chilled on the side and then watched they niggas 
 Big game over there and take notes, while I get this number 
 I stepped to her, first I cleared my throat 
 And said: "Hey, bitch, haven't I seen you before?" 
 Looked at my nigga, turned around and got slapped 
 Throughout my hands, and said: "Oh, it's like that?" 
 She said she just broke up with her nigga and shit 
 She started cryin', and asked me to forgive her and shit 
 She said her name was Maxine 
 So I told her I wanted her number 
 She asked could I give her mine too 
 Got to the crib and called her up 
 We got into a good conversation 
 That's when she asked me could I fuck 
 I said: "Maxine, check this out 
 Give me your address I'll be through and you'll find out." 
 Got to the crib, she let me in 
 She didn't waste time, she grabbed my hand 
 And proceeded to the bedroom 
 I said "Hold up, and stop proceedin', you rushin' things" 
 What the fuck are you doin'? 
 So I went for my protection 
 Took off my clothes and started flexin' 
 As she went for my midsection 
 I threw her down as I tore off her shirt 
 Pulled out my jimmy and I thought about puttin' in work 
 Before I hit it she said: "3, don't get mad 
 But there's somethin' that I gotta tell your ass." 
 I said "What is it? Another nigga? It's okay." 
 She said: "No I forgot to tell you 
 That I got AIDS, I got a problem." 
  
 [Outro: Maxine & Denaun Porter] 
 Hey, Maxine 
 What? 
 You thinkin' about suckin' my dick? 
 Yeah, for a small price 
 For a small price? What you mean? 
 You know, money, nigga 
 You don't need no damn money; I can't give you no money anyways, I heard you got some shit 
 What you, what you hear I got? 
 AIDS 
 Who told you that bullshit? 
 My nigga Kyu, he wouldn't lie 
 Well, if that's the case, Kyu got it then 
 Oh for real, it's like that? 
 Well, I ain't got shit, so he ain't got shit 
 And if he do, he ain't get that shit from me 
 I ain't fuckin' around with no third nigga 
 Fuck that, I ain't fuckin' with you 
 No, see… 
 You got that shit, I ain't gotta fuck with you 
 Hold on, why it ain't even like that 
 I want y'all to get paid, fuckin'Met a retarded kid name Greg with a wooden leg 
 Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg 
 Go to bed with the keg, wake up with a 40 
 Mix it with Alka Seltzer and formula 44-D 
 Fuck an acid tab, I strapped the whole sheet to my forehead 
 Waited 'til it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead 
 No more said, case closed, end of discussion 
 I'm blowin' up like spontaneous human combustion 
 Leavin' you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas 
 Cross the bombers, we blowin' up your house 
 Killin' your parents, and comin' back to get your foster mommas 
 And I'm as good at keepin' a promise as Nostradamus 
 'Cause I ain't makin' no more threats 
 I'm doin' drive-bys in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets 
 I'm more or less sick in the head, maybe more 
 'Cause I smoked crack today, yesterday, and the day before 
 Saboteur, walk the block with a Labrador 
 Strapped with more corral for war than El Salvador 
 Foul style galore, verbal cow manure 
 Comin' together like an eyebrow on Al B. Sure![Eminem] 
 *burps* Woo! 
 Hey, how you guys doin'? 
 You want more? Alright 
 Then SHUT UP! 
  
 Shooby doo (Shoody doo) 
 Shooby doo (Shoody doo) 
 Shooby doo (Shoody doo) 
 Shooby doo (Shoody doo) 
  
 Skibbidy bee bop 
 Girl (Girl, girl, girl) 
 You're my world (World, world, world) 
 You're my pearl (Pearl, pearl, pearl) 
 You're my world (Woooorld) 
 Hey yo, here's a song for the ladies...[Intro: Eminem] 
 Here's the story, of a little boy 
 Growing up in a suburban home 
 Trying to cope with everyday life 
 Who lives in a little house 
 That was built, in the middle of the street 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 "Hey, Mom! 2Pac's on the jukebox" 
 "So what, he shot two cops 
 And raped a little girl while two dudes watched" 
 "Nuh-uh! They were tryin' to frame him" 
 "You and that Tupack Shaker..." 
 "No! That ain't how you say his name, mom! 
 You're so lame, don't you know anything?" 
 "Yeah! I know that you'll probably go and join in a gang," 
 "Yeah, right. I'm out. Where's my fuckin' Walkman at?" 
 "Stop cussin' at me!" 
 "Shut up, bitch!" 
 "Quit talking Black!" 
 Well, slammed the door and I'm out 
 Now, what? It's probably warm in the house 
 Fuck, I forgot my jacket, forgot it was winter 
 I'm gettin' thinner, I'm hungry 
 Is Mom cookin' dinner? 
 "Mom! Let me back in! I forgot my coat 
 Mom, come on, I'm not playin', it's cold! 
 Alright, sorry, I need a jacket 
 Mom, look, my 2Pac tape, I just cracked it 
 Ma, please let me back in 
 It is Tupack Shaker, I just asked him" 
 I'm freezin', I'm sneezin' 
 I'm breathin' too much cold air, I'm wheezin' 
 "I ain't did nothin' I didn't say 'I'm leavin'" 
 I said "I'm goin' on the front porch to get somethin'" 
 (scissors cutting) "Alright, here take your damn coat and leave," 
 "Fine, I'll le— Mom, you cut off the sleeves!" 
  
 [Hook: Fred Durst] 
 Our house 
 In the middle of the street 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 One, two, three 
 My teacher's two-faced, went to lower all my school grades 
 Since last Tuesday I had a toothache from Kool-Aid 
 So Mom kicked me out, and all I had in my suitcase 
 Was one shoelace, a tube sock, and a tube of toothpaste 
 Sometimes it was cool cause I could go to Fred's 
 Crash there, fool around and just skip school 
 But other times I'd rather just be home 
 In my own room alone beat my shit and nobody would know 
 My little brother sucked on a bottle 'til he was six 
 So I'd hide it inside the couch and say 
 "I don't know where it is" 
 But as soon as Mom found it I would either be grounded 
 Or kicked out of the house a thousand weeks and still countin' 
 Even when I was underage 
 Mom was tellin' cops I was tryin' to run away 
 I told her "Someday, bitch, you're gonna pay" 
 Please, Mom, please, Mom, please, I wanna stay 
 (Let me stay) 
  
 [Hook: Fred Durst] 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 My brother's incoherent, Mom's a single parent 
 Who ain't carin', starin' through me 
 Like I'm transparent, made it clear 
 That I was just there to run her errands 
 Told her friends I was a son from her last marriage 
 Sent me up to the corner store with a little note 
 "Please, sell my step-son some cigarettes so I can smoke" 
 One time I tried to fake sick to get attention 
 Back-fired, Mom sent me to school with a vengeance 
 My life's the worst thing that could ever happen to me 
 I go to class and every teacher's always laughin' at me 
 And Mom says white rappers are laughed at 
 Not only that, she heard me upstairs 
 I can't rap, and I'm stupid 
 I'll never make it averaging a D+ 
 I need to sit on my ass and sue people like she does 
 One time, I got food poison from a hot dog 
 Mom sued and got $2,000 from Ballpark 
 "Hey, Ma. You got a dollar?" 
 "I don't think so, now keep an eye on your brother 
 I'm goin' to bingo." 
 "But, Mom, you said you were broke." 
 "Who said? You got your ears messed up 
 From that damn rap music." 
  
 [Hook: Fred Durst][Verse: Eminem] 
 You know it's devil's night 
 The way that I smash the face of a punk in 
 Mask of Jason is a fashion statement since Drunken 
 Master tapes been a basket case 
 And if that's the case, then I'm dunkin' 
 Fascination with masturbation and humpin' 
 Lacerations and masking tape 
 And I'm bumpin' some Masta Ace 
 Roll up posin' as pastor Mase at a lunchin' 
 See Andrea Yates, grab her face, then I'm punchin' 
 Crack her fuckin' skull with an antique vase, kill her husband 
 To the back of the station wagon 
 She's dragged and placed in the trunk and 
 Now I'm wanted for kidnappin', rape, and abduction 
 Spread her legs like Land O'Lakes that I'm cuttin' 
 'Til every fuckin' limb's either amputated or punctured 
 Decapitated Christina Applegate and I rap like I'm agitated 
 No chill, but I'm half sedated 
 A functioning addict — wait, I'm in London? 
 Brains underwear? A pantywaist, classic case of disfunction 
 Aggravated assault, it was rap related, you activated a gunman 
 This game's over-saturated with junk and 
 You punks couldn't get a hit from a database with a thumbprint 
 Razors and matches, path is laid for destruction 
 Put Jason Mraz's face in his ass 
 Then I'm snatchin' Anne Hathaway 
 She scratchin' like Jam Master Jay on the one's and 
 Two's, I slash away, then I'm dumpin' 
 Her ass in a Lake Placid for alligators 
 After I use the fuckin' tire thumper to bash her brains in for nothin' 
 The murder weapons, I stash 'em away on Runyon 
 Man, the kind of balls that it has to take and the gumption 
 Lack of class displayed, but such a vast array in abundance 
 Of sad disgraceful and bad distasteful redundance 
 And, bitch, I'm hung like candy canes if you're wonderin' 
 Balls come at you like batting cages 
 I'm raw like Big Daddy Kane is, I'm comin' 
 Like I'm ejaculatin' and nuttin' 
 Come catch the clap like you're patty-cakin', lil' dumplin' 
 Or brace yourself like a cast and be the last to make an assumption 
 I'm back like I'm in the bathroom takin' a dump and 
 It's back in the day or somethin' 
 I'll shit on you, Devil's Night — how's that for a introduction?[Hook] 
 Thanks it's been real 
 I love you but I just can't deal 
 With the stress this game is giving me... 
 But before I go 
 You know 
 I can't close the show 
 Without no closure 
 So before I leave... 
  
 [Eminem talking] 
 Yeah 
 I just want to take the time out to basically say 
 Rest In Peace to Deshaun Holton 
 That's my heart man 
 Dr. Dre 
 For giving me the opportunity 
 Just to even listen to me 
 To get me to this point 
 I wanna thank Jimmy Iovine 
 Interscope, Aftermath 
 Everybody in the whole Shady staff 
 Everybody who’s basically supported me from day one 
 Paul Rosenberg, Tracy McNew 
 You know I love you guys 
 I couldn't do it all without you 
 D12 
 Ca$his, you're gonna be a beast when you get out there man 
 Trust me homie, my ears don't lie to me 
 Who else am I forgetting 
 Oh yeah, Obie Trice 
 Bobby Creekwater, and basically man 
 The whole city of Detroit 
 8 mile road for making what I am today 
 Which basically goes back to Proof and D12 
 I love you guys man 
 Runyon Ave for holding me down when shit got thick 
 Oh, it wouldn't be complete, If I didn't 
 Thank my mom, bitch 
 Haha 
 So 
  
 [Hook (Fading)] 
 Thanks it's been real 
 I love you but I just can't deal 
 With the stress this game is giving me... 
 But before I go 
 You know 
 I can't close the show 
 Without no closure 
 So before I leave...[Intro: Green Lantern, Eminem & 50 Cent] 
 Okay (Yeah) 
 It's about that time again (haha) 
 Green Lantern (That's Right) 
 G-G-G-G-G Uni-*burp* 
 Hahaha, Shady 
 We back (Invasion!) Part II 
 The Conspiracy 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 Cause we ain't gonna never stop, you just keep wasting your energy 
 On us, you should find something to do with your time (time) 
 And quit fuckin' with us cause we ain't fuckin' with you 
 And E must be fuckin' with you so much you must be gone out your mind 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 They say I'm a day away from my entire empire crumbling 
 Speak up you're mumbling, what the fuck-a you's a 
 Bibi-bay okay big-bi-bi-baby 
 This is Shady I know you was bi-bi-hoping we be-be-would just go away 
 But weeble mable weeble wobble but we don't fall down like 
 Jam Master Jay's two turntables, our label is just too stable 
 Your magazine's so motherfucking thin you using staples 
 To hold it together it's turning back into a newspaper 
 And ya'll got somethin' for my ass every issue 
 Thank you, cause I keep runnin' out of fucking tissues 
 And I could diss you but God I was sick of looking at you 
 At least now I can see when Nike's got a new tennis shoe 
 But-but I guess no good news is always good good news 
 Moving on to bigger and better things (chicka chicka jeera) 
 50's blowing up, this year just keeps going up 
 What the fuck is going on? Who the fuck is Norah Jones? 
 Shady, wait a minute, baby, leave the whore alone 
 Just go up there and be humble and take them awards home 
 Bush has just declared the world a fucking war zone 
 Meanwhile we got a war going on of our own at home 
 My fuckin' mind's blown, trying to figure out how to fight my own clone 
 Rhinestones are so nice, they shine so bright especially at night 
 After a hit of ecstasy, ain't that right Ro'oh? 
 Wait a minute I'm rambling, back to the matter at hand 
 It's Green Lantern with Elvis Presley the selfish MC 
 Back to the ruin rap and destroy the industry 
 Single handedly and oh man did we, yeah me and 50 
 Obie, me and Twizzy 
 And Nelly and Missy and Jigga God damn it's all a plan devised by the Man 
 It's a conspiracy...against fake shit, and anybody who can't make hits 
 Or ain't dope lyrically, so fuck what you heard and what you read about 
 We ain't ruining rap baby we're just trying to weed it out 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 Shady in the place to be see, and I got what it takes to rock the mic, aiight! 
 Still keep talking shit to me punk 
 Cause your magazine's over in less than 6 months! 
 Haha, Shady Records, still Aftermath! 
 And don't think we can hear you motherfuckers talking, cause we can't 
 We don't hear y'all 
 So we just gonna sit back for the rest of our lives 
 While you ride our dicks[Ad-Lib: Eminem] 
 Shady, we're back! 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Nothing can stop and nothing can change it 
 You better just make new livin' arrangements 
 If you think you the top and king of the castle 
 You about to be thrown off the throne and ripped a new asshole 
 All I hear is I'm the best at this and I'm best at that 
 But I don't hear my name, no ne'er brought up in rap 
 And I don't usually trip or dare get caught up in that 
 But when they say one of the best, I'm nowhere thought of as that 
 Not even the same league as Jay-Z, Nas, Pac, Biggie or maybe 
 They'll name me somewhere down at the bottom, right after AZ 
 Or say he ripped that Biggie verse, or that Jay-Z 
 Ayo his verses were crazy, on that "Renegade" beat 
 But I ain't never bought no whole CD of Shady 
 And all I hear is pop tunes come on the radi— 
 O, and they play 'em 20 times in a row daily 
 And that very well maybe the same reason they don't say me 
 When they speak on hip-hop legends, which has amazed me 
 Cause I thought the formula was to hit mainstream 
 And make it big—ba—big—big bay—ba—baby 
  
 [Verse 2: Obie Trice] 
 So maybe the eighties made me crazy 
 I've been tryna get my weight up since the ace Slim Shady 
 Gave me the gate key, paved the way 
 So lately my stakes get better each day 
 Replay my relay race, when I was chasin the afee at eighteen 
 Eight years later his voice in Beijing 
 No choice I chase cream, so 
  
 [Ad-Lib: Eminem] 
 Shady (Stat Quo!), we're back! 
  
 [Verse 3: Stat Quo] 
 This is what I eat, sleep and breath and feed 
 My kids would it fulfill all my family needs (c'mon) 
 I treat the mic like the block 
 Fuck with my rocks, and squeeze 
 Critics expecting me to underachieve 
 I just deal with the hate I receive 
 By rolling back my sleeves 
 Sure was a breeze, I bring him right to his knees 
 And tell him "suck my dick," I take a bow and leave 
 With a sack full of unmarked cheese 
 I find it hard to believe who to pull or proceed 
 To be G's and claim they runnin' shit, nigga, I run me 
 As a kid, teacher said I had a mouth on me 
 The same mouth got me the deal with Dre and E 
 Folk in the hood be askin', where I be 
 Dawg, I'm out in Hawaii, don't like it? Drink my pee 
 Record song for the "Detox" LP 
 Feet don't fail me 
 Niggas got me bent like Cranberry and Belvee 
 I'mma die wealthy 
 Boss in the game, what the fuck they gon' tell me? 
 A towns auntre, Aftermath, Shady! 
  
 [Ad-Lib: Eminem] 
 Shady (Bobby Creek!), we're back! 
  
 [Verse 4: Bobby Creekwater] 
 Y'all market y'all block, they sent me to corner that 
 Rap game's an old flame, my nigga I want 'em back 
 Like mic check 
 Pimp for what it's worth, I got the right net 
 Sittin' here excited by some shit that ain't right yet 
 No regret, live by a code you don't know bout 
 Y'all niggas won't be certified 'till I show I 
 Go out on a limb with Em, 'cause I'm with him 
 Put a barrel to the apparel of you and some of them 
 Stand a chance, at the dance, without a Bow tie 
 Shady Records re-introduce you niggas to Mow-ti 
 So high, of the light that they have given me 
 And the haters like a chauffeur because it's driven me 
 To a view with a vendetta I am the epitome 
 I don't give a fuck about ya nigga, I'm just livin me 
 We the reason for the season 
 So I'm breezin through the track, nigga 
  
 [Ad-Lib: Eminem] 
 Shady! (Ca$his!) 
  
 [Verse 5: Ca$his] 
 I can prove I'm here to do something you never do 
 From hand to hand coke sales, from my revenue 
 I ain't been to a function, where I ain't snuck a weapon through 
 'Cause my background reveals a one eight seven too 
 To the block, I'm the truth, to the cops, I'm the proof of this 
 And niggas still out there, you just gotta shoot 
 I carry over my street ethics, to the booth 
 And the shady crime fam, Al Capone in his youth 
 The difference between me and you, I already done it 
 And lived the street life, niggas run away from if 
 You follow my life, in a midwest blunted 
 Pitchforks held high, four fifth by the stomach 
 You can find me right now, on the C.A. streets 
 I'm on the roof, of the building, shooting at police 
 Some of the homies feel opposition can't kill me 
 I'm a walking obituary, death live in me 
 I take life through the pen, by the way, I'mma see 
 Or have you raped in the pen, like American meat 
 I'm connected gettin weight from MS 13 
 With S.K's, A.R's and Mini fourteens 
 I'm Cashis, the last of the real, with a strap 
 On Pro-sac, D's and E-Pills, it's a rap 
 Get the block on tip, two for tens of crack 
 I'm in a lifetime contract, Shady's back 
 Nigga 
  
 [Ad-Lib: Eminem] 
 Shady, (Ha! I told you we was back!), we're back! 
  
 [Outro] 
 Haaaaaaaaa! *Fart* 
 (What?)[Intro] 
 Yeah, yeah, I get it 
 I run this rap shit, now guess who's back 
 You thought I left you, now why would I do that? (1, 2, 3) 
  
 [Verse] 
 They keep on sayin' the same rappers are the best 
 Jay-Z and Kanye West, maybe they're just tryna distract it 
 From the fact that I'm comin' back 
 Or maybe it's cause I ain't black, maybe it's because of that 
 Maybe it's because I'm the highest sellin' artist in rap 
 While I'm sittin' back in my office jackin' off to my plaques 
 I'm still sick, how can I be sick this long 
 And I'm still alive, Magic Johnson arise 
 I thrive on makin' my opponents think that I've died 
 That's when I just pop up outta nowhere, oh yeah, there we go there 
 Damn I forgot how much money he got 
 On the beach of St. Tropez, but your man don't lay 
 In the sun cause I don't tan, I burn, blood clot 
 When you gonna learn how much money we've earned 
 How does it feel to know I came in this game at 25 
 And coulda retired at 29 in my 20's still 
 And Fif' here to lick on that Coca-Cola shit 
 And he ain't even gotta look at coke to even hold a brick 
 No more, oh boy, goddamn did he score 
 To go from sellin' bags to bottles right out the store 
 And Shady hit the box office man, he knocked the socks off us 
 My ex-wife is set for life, you profitless cocksuckers 
 So stay the fuck off us, we make pay 
 I'm just a super easy modest MC, okay? 
 Til I hear the word has been, that's when I start spazzin' 
 Smart asses, kiss a smarter ass then 
 I'm the best thing that ever happened to rap, bastards 
 I'm a blonde Dre, now gimme Kanye's glasses!Whoa Nelly, Tell Angelina Jolie I’m ready 
 With petroleum jelly, to smear it all over me belly 
 And tell her she can hit me on me mobile, me celly 
 And meet in the salami section of the grocery deli 
 And maybe we can find us an appropriate telly 
 A motel 6 or 8 it think they both could be helly 
 I hit it, then I quit it and I told her email me 
 And don’t call me, I’ll call you, can you feel me? Ho do you smell me? 
 Animal instinct, cannibalistic, I just ran out of lipstick, man I’m a twisted, sick 
 Sadistic, son of a bitch, 666, Broke his crucifix made out of sticks then fixed it 
 Chick chick chick chick chick chick chick chick chick! 
 Now play it backwards muscle relaxers mixed with liquid 
 Dilaudid its diluted for a quick fix, your delusional illusions look realistic 
 ..I Need Christopher Reeves to come and lay his verse 
 I think he can spit it better on Medicine Ball, first 
 Off I did not even realize the guy died 
 So I guess them Christopher Reeves jokes ain't gonna fly 
 Oh! I'm on a roll don't get me started 
 Anna got pissed at me and tried to push me into the garden 
 With such accuracy she aims and shoots the target 
 Cupid's arrow done forced it... 
 Now look sweetheart it's the, kissing bandit 
 On a mission to leave Ms. Degeneres Disenchanted 
 By men now just listen dammit 
 Mr. Rossi I need no posse I single handed- 
 -ly will steal your heart with a kiss where should I plant it 
 Moi! baby its Moi! and my repertoire 
 Is running around in pink panties and leopard bra's 
 And negligah, negligée you say tomato I say tomah-to 
 I'm Tommy Motola Mariah don't stop me I'm on a roll 
 Oh![Verse 1: Obie Trice] 
 Obie the person that came up introverted 
 'Cause of nervousness, that was solely the only verdict 
 It was worth it 'cause he changed, became so observant 
 Servin' such of a purpose 
 If you knew him earlier in his days, it's like a different version 
 So much hurtin' and pain gave him game for certain 
 That's why it's curtains in this murder, if you get him worked up 
 I'm so assertive on these muthafuckas acting tougher 
 Had enough of isolatin' myself in a room 
 Writing poems and songs, doing the same in school 
 Now look what he became, a fool 
 'Cause he learned how to sustain his tool and obtain fame from you 
 Livin' hard but still Julliard 
 A god walks and ain't spend a day in the pew 
 Regardless of this I draw visual, pictures when a nigga vents 
 So welcome to the art department 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I stimulate the brain, mimic, emulate the sane 
 Cynics keep on thinkin' it's a fuckin' gimmick when it ain't 
 Clinically insane, brain is on Venus, up Uranus 
 Label me a genius if you ever seen us you would say 
 "He may seem as though he's plain normal" if you ever meet him 
 Greet him with a shake, see he ain't as mean as what they say 
 See the thing is maybe he can't always think of things to say 
 So he's vague, so they mistake him for bein' crazed 
 You part ways, your impression of him changed 
 You don't think he's strange, you turn around and tell him; "Peace and thanks" 
 You catch him flippin' you off, with his pants down 
 Hands around his scrotum, tuckin' his fuckin' penis between his legs 
  
 [Verse 3: (Verse 1 Repeated): Obie Trice] 
 Obie the person that came up introverted 
 'Cause of nervousness, that was solely the only verdict 
 It was worth it 'cause he changed, became so observant 
 Servin' such of a purpose 
 If you knew him earlier in his days, it's like a different version 
 So much hurtin' and pain gave him game for certain 
 That's why it's curtains in this murder, if you get him worked up 
 I'm so assertive on these muthafuckas acting tougher 
 Had enough of isolating myself in a room 
 Writing poems and songs, doing the same in school 
 Now look what he became, a fool 
 'Cause he learned how to sustain his tool and obtain fame from you 
 Livin' hard but still Julliard 
 A god walks and ain't spend a day in the pew 
 Regardless of this I draw visual, pictures when a nigga vents 
 So welcome to the art department 
  
 [Verse 4: Eminem] 
 It's all psychologic, why am I so maniacal? 
 Am I a psycho or some kind of psychotic shtick? 
 Or am I truly psychotic? Or my molecules just diabolical? 
 'Cause biologically, I defy logic, by golly, haul me off on a trolley 
 Probably want a quack, or I'm back on that whacky tobacca 
 I'ma step away from crack, Obie smacked the shit out of me 
 I'm so slap happy, man, snap me back to reality 
 I'm a walkin' art gallery, a science museum 
 Elephantitis of the nuts, you'd probably die if you see them 
 I pull them out, they hit the ground and probably crack the cement 
 I need an ambulance, I can't just put them back in my pants (Help me!)[Intro: Proof] 
 Yeah Soul Intent, checking in 
 #1 baby this week 
 You know what I'm sayin'? 
 This is M.C. Proof 
  
 [DJ Head] 
 And DJ Head! 
  
 [Proof] 
 Checkin' in on W.E.G.O 
 You know what I'm sayin'? 
 Ay yo we got the #1 
 Requested song, of the day 
 Coming up next 
 It's a local 313 talent 
 He goes by the name of Eminem 
 And it's called "It's Okay"It's only fair to warn 
 I was born with a set of horns 
 And metaphors attached to my dang umbilical cord 
 Warlord of rap that'll bash you with a 2 by 4 board 
 And smash into your Honda Accord with a four door Ford 
 But I'm more toward droppin' an acapella 
 To chop a fella to Mozzarella worse than a helicopter propeller 
 Got you locked in a cellar 
 With your skeleton showing 
 Developing anorexia while I'm standing next to ya 
 Eating a full course meal watching you starve to death 
 With an IV in your vein feeding you liquid Darvocet 
 Pumping you full of drugs 
 Pull the plugs on the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs 
 Who were picked up in an ambulance and driven 
 To Receiving with the asses ripped out of they pants 
 And given a less than 20 percent chance of living 
 Have a possible placement as a hospital patient 
 Storing the dead bodies in Grandma's little basement 
 Doctor Kevorkian has arrived 
 To perform an autopsy on you 
 While you scream "I'M STILL ALIVE!" 
 Driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp 
 And pulling your Adam's apple out through your mouth 
 Better call the fire department 
 I've hired an arson to set fire to carpet 
 And burn up your entire apartment[Future (Mekhi Phifer)] 
 Well, Jimmy moved in with his mother 
 'Cause he ain't got no place to go 
  
 [Rabbit (Eminem)] 
 And now I'm right back in the gutter 
 With a garbage bag that's full of clothes 
  
 [Future (Mekhi Phifer)] 
 Buss it, buss it, 'cause 
 You live at home in a trailer 
 What the hell you gonna do? 
  
 [Rabbit (Eminem)] 
 'Cause I live at home in a trailer 
 Mom, I'm comin' home to you 
  
 [Future (Mekhi Phifer)] 
 Uh, break it down, uh 
  
 [Rabbit (Eminem)] 
 Well, my name is Jimmy, his name's Greg Buehl 
 Me, him and you we went to the same school 
 This ain't cool, I'm in a rage 
 He's tappin' my mom we're almost the same age 
 On the microphone I drop bombs 
 Look at this car, thanks a lot, mom 
 Here, happy birthday, Rabbit 
 Here's a brand new car, you can have it 
 A 1928 Delta 
 This shit won't even get me to The Shelter 
 And I can't even say I'm from Motown 
 'Cause I'm back in the 810 now 
  
 'Cause I live at home in a trailer 
 Mom, I'm comin' home to youShook Ones, Pt II 
 Time's Up 
 Insane In the Brain 
 8 Mile 
 Sweet Home Alabama 
 Juicy 
 Gotta Get Mine 
 Gang Stories 
 This is How we Do It 
 Feel Me Flow 
 Players Ball 
 Get Money 
 I'll Be There for You 
 Shimmy Shimmy Ya 
 Bring the Pain 
 Lose Yourself (Instrumental) 
 C.R.E.A.M. 
 Next Level (Nyte Tyme Mix) 
 Temptations 
 Player's Anthem 
 Lose Yourself[Intro] 
 I have no idea what I'm doing 
 I have no idea what I'm doing, but 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Everybody get up, sit up Christopher 
 They're miserable without you, Superman is a- 
 -live and he's flowing like the Mystic River 
 Girl dont act like you never been kissed before 
 One, two, three, four, five, six, this a 
 Rhyme is about to hit you right in the kisser 
 How did anybody ever find me, I disap- 
 -peared I was hiding in Freeway's beard, just a 
 Hop skip and a jump from my skin, gushing 
 Nails into my face that I been pushing 
 Hellraiser, my face is my pincushion 
 It's like when I'm on the mic, I can squish a 
 Sucker like a vice-grip, my pen put ya 
 In the slaughterhouse cause ya styles been butchered 
 I'll spin chainsaw, take off like the blades on 
 My brain's on hyperdrive someone put the brakes on 
  
 [Hook] 
 Here's a smidgen admitted to get your digits, Bridget 
 Don't try to fidget with it, err ribbit, ribbit 
 I got ya slippin on my swag juice, my swag juice 
 I got ya slippin on my swag juice, my swag juice 
  
 [Verse 2: Mr. Porter] 
 I got it figure out now nigga 
 See, my minds on my money right here 
 And no one stopping how getting it 
 In hindsight, I never should have left where I was living 
 And probably wouldn't be getting pressed by all these women 
 And then again, I wouldn’t rap the ones I was diggin' 
 So annihilate the looking, and talking alot about the hood; Kim'n, Kim'n 
 Uh, so, Serena Williams, just like my dad talks about more John Dick'n 
 This girl talkin' how she pregrent, she crazy, so later I crushed that ho, and left baby 
 And never trust her, no shit! Even she specialize in massaging on my testicles 
 And I never trust her, a whole lot, even on the first date, she basically get her mouth rimmed 
 And turn around and ask me for a kiss, no bitch I’m straight 
 And I never really get concerned how my own dick tastes 
 I think I’m about to slip on my swag juice 
 I think I’m about to slip on your swag juice 
 (Oh, no! No! Don’t slip on your swag juice) 
 Ye, ye! I think I’m about to slip on my swag juice 
  
 [Hook] 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Slim is in the house, simmer down there sister 
 Bound to get you dizzy cause he gets as busy as a 
 Bee, baby you can throw a frizbee in a blizzard 
 He'll catch it in his teeth, what is he? He's a wizard 
 Standing in the disco with a disco biscuit 
 And I'm pretty sure it isn't Bisquick, is it? 
 Now baby don't forget to bring your lipstick with ya 
 I want a kiss 'fore I blow this bitch to smithe- 
 -reens, get the guillotines, this is a situ- 
 -ation that's critical as Dre spins his, uh 
 Turntables and he cuts a record like a scissor 
 Cheka chicka, checka chicka, cheka-cheka chicka 
 Who wreck it in a second tell me what the heck is sicker 
 Wait a minute, I just dropped my necklace in the liquor 
 Now baby just to make a little breakfast and it's six o- 
 -clock in the morning 'less you want to get some dessert 
  
 [Hook]Dear Afeni 
  
 Sorry if it looks a little sloppy, I could've done a little better if I had the right pencils. Instead, I had to draw it in pen. Plus, I just kind of thought of the idea a little too late. But I've been drawing since I was 10, and I thought you might like it. Anyways, thank you for always being so kind to me. You are a true Queen, and I mean that in every sense of the word. I will never forget the opportunities you have given me. You will always be in my heart, my thoughts, and my prayers. As I have said before, you have no idea how much your son and his music has inspired, not only the "Hip Hop" world, but, speaking for myself, has inspired my whole career. He was, and still is, the true definition of a "Soldier." When I was feeling at my worst; (before fame, before Dre) I knew I could put that "2Pac" tape in, and suddenly, things weren't so bad. He gave me the courage to stand up and say "F**k the world!" "This is who I am! And if you don't like it, go f**k yourself!" Thank you for giving us his spirit, and yours! God Bless you! 
  
 Love 
  
 Marshall[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 You probably gonna think that I'm talking 
 About you and you goddamn right I am 
 Look at you, this is the minimal I could diss you 
 Subliminally, but I think criminal instinct 
 Has pushed me to the brink, my pussy does it stink 
 He still loves me 'cause he puts me in his ink 
 He does, doesn't he, still is, isn't he? 
 Nah, I'm just playing tug of war with his heart 'cause he misses me 
 I can still fuck him and leave him whenever I feel frisky 
 And is no risk of disease 'cause he ain't with anyone is he? 
 This bitch really thinks she can get me 
 If she still wants me, driving across country 
 Strapped up to the front seat, missing all her front teeth 
 Thinking to herself when's the next time he's gonna punch me? 
 I told this cunt she's gonna overdo it once 
 And once she does, she was stuffed up in a trunk 
 Crunch, he scrunched her up in a ball 
 Bunched up nice and comfy 
 Fuck around get dumped up in a lake 'fore you dump me 
 You cunning little cunt, deceitful witch 
 You thought you had me, 'till my shrink told me this 
  
 [Hook: Paul Simon] 
 The problem is all inside your head she said to me 
 The answer is easy if you take it logically 
 I'd like to help you in your struggle to be free 
 There must be 50 ways to leave your lover 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I feel like a serial killer, I keep dumping bodies in the lake 
 I'mma get caught and send up the river 
 I shiver when I think of the company I keep 
 How do I know she ain't gonna kill me when I sleep 
 I shriek, every time she hands me something to drink 
 Sex kept us together, when we slept together every-thing 
 Was all better, she made me feel like a king 
 Slowly she began lowering my self-esteem 
 She go to the club and not answer the phone when I call her 
 And I just bought her a truck for 50,000 dollars 
 Accused me of doing drugs and scream n' holla 
 Then I find a bag of coke on her, some marijuana 
 And all I know is every time I go 
 To them hiding spots, wherever she hides her blow 
 The little bags of dope, there was a pile of coke 
 That's growing smaller, and that was just a while ago 
 And I wouldn't even let on like I know 
 What was I supposed to do? Call her out on it, we just argue 
 Say she put it there on purpose and flipped the whole script 
 Ooh she's a manipulative evil bitch 
 A cunning little cunt, little deceitful witch 
 She thought she had me, 'till my shrink told me this 
  
 [Hook: Paul Simon] 
 The problem is all inside your head she said to me 
 The answer is easy if you take it logically 
 I'd like to help you in your struggle to be free 
 There must be 50 ways to leave your lover* this song was a free download on his official website 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Are we supposed to shut up or talk...I'll cut your butt up and walk 
 Around with my ass showing all over the fuckin town 
  
 [Proof] 
 ....Then you get done up in chalk 
 Yo 
  
 [Eminem] 
 We ready...we ready .. we ready.. we ready ? 
 Ready to hold it steady....Speakin of hold it steady 
 You can hold my nuts steady and then 
 I can stick my dick in you like a machette...If you're a girl 
 If you're a girl then you're my world...And I will kill anybody 
 That means... you, her or him 
 It doesnt matter cause I'm Eminem 
 And I'm Slim...I'm also slim and your future's Whim 
  
 [Proof] 
 Ha ha....don't stop 
 D-12 y'all...yea we bust it off the top 
 We get in that ass Preparation-H style 
 Knock more boots than that group H-Town (Booo!) 
 Everybody tryina tell us to wait now 
 You look dumb as fuck...Like Puffy in his video on that breakdown (hahaha) 
 Tryin to dance around 
 How the fuck it feel lock in hand set now 
 Sever your style .. Divide and Parish 
 Part ish...when my cart is bustin thru this 
 Wassup to Bizarre Kid 
 Targets get hit and liftoff 
 Here it is we bout to rip off 
 Lick shots...no time...we gettin dick snot 
 Emzy 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Speakin of lift off 
 I'm blastin off...your ass is soft...so I'm startin to jack off 
 Cuz I'm so horny...and your lyrics are so corny 
 That they bore me and I woke up too late this morning 
 Or too early...wait a minute there goes Shirley 
 The girly I fucked last year when her hair was curly 
 Couldn't remember it cuz I was Infinite 
 And I met Ken Kaniff in Connecticut 
 He said his predicates and pronouns and wanted to throw down 
 And he said “I like you”...and then he walked up and said “Let me snake bite you” 
 And I said hell no...kicked him with my shell toe 
 Gave him a elbow...Ayo Proof ...go 
  
 [Proof] 
 Yo it's the D to the 1 - 2 
 What you wanna get done to 
 Your chest plate...eradicate 
 Get your flesh ate...easily done..Here it is 
 Freestyle...no need to write shit...cuz when we write shit 
 Y'all like to buy shit...that why street light up when we write stuff 
 It's time to be the champions at this...it's D-12 
 1-2 True crew...Slim Shady and Big Proof 
 Knockin over igloos in Alaska when we blast ya 
 A massacre creator, one time for data 
 Darker than Vader...go anybody hot as the Equator 
 It's time to get down one time for those that dont know us 
 Girls wanna blow us like Monica....Lewinsky 
 Come against me 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Go and see I'm an invincible MC 
 If you dont believe it then you wanna try to convince me 
 That you're doper than me...which we'll hope 
 You would hope to be....but hopefully I will rock globaly 
 And nationwide...thats why my ass is wide 
 Thats why your ass just died on the passenger side 
 Like a fuckin ride...when it got shot up by a drive-by 
 When I drove by 5 times and gave it five tries 
 And still missed it 
 I got a fuckin' mental illness a gentle stillness 
 Violence...complete silence is what I need in the room while I freestyle 
 What I need is to do...what is need is smoke weed and brew 
 And......smoke brew ? You don't smoke brew 
 If you do I'll choke you and then I guarantee I'll out smoke you 
 You're crew's a joke too and I can stick my dick in a bitch and poke you 
  
 [Proof] 
 Stick it in there....rock with my cock on sky rock 
 Knock ya eye out the sock...(sock) 
 Get..(get) yeah we come to rock....(it) 
 So don't get in the way cuz we gon drop....(shit) 
 Now how you feel right now we bust yo..op....(tic)....(tock) 
 We lunatics with mics and we dont stop we come to rock 
 The dirty dozen is non-stop 
 To the top from tree tops to ewoks that pop Reeboks 
 And men with pre-ops 
 Yo now there is 3-Pac's 
 Master P....Thug Life and now it's 2pac 
 Get back to that one...here goes the rhyme that you dropped 
  
 [Eminem] 
 The rhyme that I dropped is stickin up IHOP 
 In high tops and walking around like a one-eyed Cyclops 
 And you can't see me....I only got one eye and I can still see you 
 You can even give it a dumb try...If you're a dumb guy then come try this 
 But I rock the microphone with my flyness 
 So get off my jock..get of my cock..when I sky rock ...it in sky 
 Rock..shit...bitch 
  
 [Proof] 
 Ayo...a lot of people always try to tell us...that we gonna be better or failures 
 But me or Slim yo you can't tell me 
 You try to freestyle son we gon' put these verses on your LP 
 Slow down with that old stuff....I heard the most of y'all is Mos Def 
  
 [Eminem] 
 My LP...my whole LP...tha last one was screaming help me 
 You couldn't melt me if you was Vanilla Ice...Yo guess what 
 My Nuuuuuuuuutz!! 
 Here I go with the lyrical miracle...spiritual spirital...you dont wanna hear it though 
 I rickety rock the microphone 
 Don't do it dont do it cuz that shit is stupid...I knew it 
 I take a beat and loop it...I take a beat and troop it 
 What the fuck did that mean...I dont know but I got phat jeans on 
 And I already said that but I dont know where my head's at 
 All I wanna do is go back to the hotel and know where my bed's at 
  
 [Proof] 
 Yo wheres the beds at so we can relax and catch Ease 
 Y'all dont want none of tha dirty Deez 
 From the 3-1 its for the three of thirds 
 One third MC yo we smoke y'all like herbs 
 Under the curb early morn take it to born 
 Y'all get broke up...put back together ...re-enactment 
 Some times you see this...you just a faggot 
 No need to tag it...wit more loot that Jimmy Swagart 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Faggot....uh oh...was that homophobic...? 
 But no one knows it...and I'm so homophobic 
 I won't even throw clothes in the closet 
 Fuck it...I've lost it....I'm holocausted...see my face it's written all 
 Acrossed it 
 This beer makes me wanna disappear this year 
 I'm so high I'm 'bout to die...and I'm so tired I'm 'bout to fry 
 You're so fired you're down 
  
 [Proof] 
 Hey....it's me...it's the hamster man 
 Coming all the way from Amsterdam 
 And I come to tell you all a little secret 
 So you can ........eat it ....you got to grab your crackers 
 {mumbling} 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Quit spittin your writ shit bitch I'll kill you and kick you 
 In your motherfuckin' dick and your clit...you little pussy 
 Hermaphrodite with no appetite 
 And you ain't rappin' right but you was taking rapid bites 
 Of my dick when you was on it...my brain is haunted 
 I walk up in a place in a T-shirt wit my stains on it 
 But I dont give a damn...give a fuck...give a shit...give a hell 
 Give a piss give a dick give a lick 
  
 [Proof] 
 Yea....live and direct it's us 
 You better back up 
  
 [Eminem] 
 You better back up before I jack off 
 Back off before I jack off 
  
 [Proof] 
 You better back off before he jack off (laughing) 
 You better back off before I jack off 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Colder than Jack Frost...smack you across your face 
 While I'm still jackin off 
 Sittin' in the closet beatin' my shit 
 Ain't got nuttin' else to do cuz I'm thinkin' of a bitch 
 Wait a minute ...oh shit she's here 
 Look who walked in the door....come in it's Britney Spears!!!! 
 (Ken Kaniff) 
 Oh....come here little girl 
 Come here little girl 
  
 [Eminem] 
 What happened? (I dunno) 
 We stopped rappin' (Oh it's clappin') 
 Gun clappin' ...and all I need is one napkin to wipe the cum off 
 When I come off with the drum off 
 Whatever the hell that meant...but I can still speak wit' a accent 
 A French accent 
 Excuse my French but 
 Suck my dick touche le le poo...uhh....bitch 
  
 [Proof] 
 Bonjour...I'm here with the cure...Oh yea lets rock it for the drawer 
 Hey Em...how you doin this is me...The Em jock...get off my 
 Damn cock 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Yo while you're spraying verbs...you ain't even fuckin' saying words 
 (THuuuG) Pronounce your words right...and you can ride around curbs 
 And bounce your herbs tight 
 What the fuck ? (Yo somethin' is in the beat that keeps talkin') 
 Yo put another beat on before you get peed on 
  
 [Proof] 
 Yo are we done or what? They want us to freestyle for 45 min— 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Hi...Hi.... My name is ...my name is...my name is 
 Slim Shady...Slim Shady...Bitch you're little just like that Kim lady 
 And I'm in sky rock radio...the shadiest bro on the radio 
 But you dont hear me thoughAlbum Art: 
 Special Edition Cover: 
 Back Cover:[Intro: Pat Benatar (Sampled)] 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
  
 [Hook: Pat Benatar (Sampled)] 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
  
 [Verse 1: Bizarre] 
 Proof died, what happened? (What happened?) 
 Marshall stopped rapping (Damn!) 
 I guess that makes me the captain (Uh-huh) 
 Hit the matress (Okay) 
 Pistol-packing (Uh-huh), sick assassin (Yeah) 
 Hit the gas and (Okay), get to mashing 
 D12 broke up? Who you bitches asking? 
 Our clique's relaxing in the hills of Aspen 
 Popping pills and Aspirin 
 And I'm the machine that brought Marshall back to life 
 Told him that my rhymes just have to be tight 
 So I figured that I would grab the mic 
 Like a nigga bout to rhyme right after Christ 
 Sometimes we get mad and fight, right back to the lab tonight 
 Grab an o and I have to light 
 That's only right, living like a rock star is the only life! 
 And we are, six grown men, who are old friends 
 To my nigga Bugz, DeShaun Holton 
 All the way down, I'mma hold them 
 D12 nigga, till the world end (D12!) 
  
 [Hook: Pat Benatar (Sampled)] 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
  
 [Verse 2: Swifty] 
 A lot of niggas try to underestimate me 
 Till I come back with vengeance and slice their trachea 
 Yall been placed on a contract for hating 
 I'mma waste them, one by one, for tainting 
 My ability to kill a facility, I'mma send them to Satan 
 Fast as a child rapist facing 
 Life or trifle, Henny has made me in waiting 
 They gon' lock me up under the basement 
 I'm a one man army, marine and navy 
 You done made me angry, I'm crazy, insane 
 And maybe I bite the face off your baby 
 For anyone who try to diss Proof or Hailie 
 I'mma break their Halo 
 Put them on the reaper's payroll 
 Erase them and hang their soul 
 It ain't no hoes here, McVay got a scroll 
 With names on it, dipped in blood, man I'm cold 
  
 [Hook: Pat Benatar (Sampled)] 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
  
 [Verse 3: Kuniva] 
 I know you thought we were done, we rose up 
 Got a gun to make your whole inside fold up 
 They hit us with the best shot and we're still standing 
 So tell the world it can lick our scrotum 
 Straight soldiers, who wanna stunt? 
 Who wanna be the fall guy? Who want the pump? 
 Who wanna get slumped just for looking at me sideways 
 Every time I roll up I'mma keep it blunt 
 Where did y'all run when we almost lost Marshall? 
 Y'all did it big like Costco 
 And we back in this bitch like a tampon 
 Still talk dirty, Em's clean like a bar of soap 
 And you will soon slip, on some buffoon shit 
 My hand's on a sweeper, yours on a broomstick 
 So stop looking all stupid, I'm rude and abusive 
 And strapped, don't make me use it 
  
 [Hook: Pat Benatar (Sampled)] 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
  
 [Verse 4: Eminem] 
 Aight, here's where I come in at 
 I came in this game with, bad intentions 
 And I ain't budged, not even an inch since then 
 I'm stubborn, evil, and insensitive 
 I'm like nothing you ever seen, pencil in 
 Hand, it's like I'm holding the insulin 
 So you might wanna button it like Benjamin 
 I ain't frightened of nothing, I injure men 
 Step right in this mark with my henchmen and 
 Walk, straight to the stage 
 I ain't here to cause trouble, get the fuck out my face 
 Fall back, little cocksucker 
 I ain't A&W, don't get your cold mugs in my way 
 Get 'em? Shattered, fucking A 
 Been this way since B.C., what can I say? 
 I'm stuck in my ways like double stick tape 
 Don't get turned to a vegetable dick face 
 You ain't Superman, stay in your lane, Lois 
 D12 spitting flames like flamethrowers 
 Spit 'til we get sprained jaws with metaphors 
 That cut with the same force as chainsaws 
 Hope you're coming with your A game 
 Cause things have changed in this game 
 Isn't the same game, boys 
 The stakes have been raised, better make lemonade 
 When they give you lemons, if they want us, let 'em aim for us 
  
 [Hook: Pat Benatar (Sampled)] 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Hit me with your best shot! 
 Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place! 
 Come on! Put me in my place![Produced by Dr. Dre & Mel-Man] 
  
 [Intro] 
 May I have your attention please 
 May I have your attention please 
 Will the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 We're gonna have a problem here 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Y'all act like you never seen a White person before 
 Jaws all on the floor like Pam, like Tommy just burst in the door 
 And started whoopin' her butt worse than before 
 They first were divorced, throwin' her over furniture 
 It's the return of the... "ah wait, no way, you're kidding 
 He didn't just say what I think he did, did he" 
 And Dr. Dre said...nothin' you idiots 
 Dr. Dre's dead, he's under the tombstone again (ha ha) 
 All of these women love Eminem 
 "Chigga chigga chigga Slim Shady, I'm sick of him 
 Look at him, walking around grabbing his you-know-what 
 Flipping the you-know-who," "yeah, but he's so cute though" 
 Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose 
 But no worse than what's going on when you don't let loose 
 Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose, but can't 
 But it's cool for your mom to cook me a dead moose 
 "Kim never gave me a kiss, Kim never gave me a kiss" 
 And if I'm lucky, you might just give Kim a little flip 
  
 We ain't nothing but mammals -- well, some of us, cannibals 
 Who cut other rappers open like antelopes 
 But if we can kill animals and antelopes 
 Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope 
 But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote 
 Women wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus and it goes 
  
 [Hook x2] 
 I'm Slim Shady, yes I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records 
 Well, I do; so he sucks and so do you 
 You think I give a damn about a Grammy 
 Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me 
 But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird 
 Why, so you guys could just lie to get me here 
 So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears 
 This woman put me on blast on MTV 
 "Yeah he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee" 
 I should download an audio on MP3 
 And show the whole world how you made the whole world garbage to me 
 I'm sick of you [little girl and boy groups,] all you do is annoy me 
 So I have been sent here to destroy you 
 And there's a million of us just like me 
 Who cuss like me; who just don't give a stuck like me 
 Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me 
 And just might be the next best thing but not quite me 
  
 [Hook x2] 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I'm like a head trip to listen to, cause I'm only giving you 
 Things you joke about with your friends inside your living room 
 The only difference is I got the [balls] to say it 
 In front of y'all and I don't gotta be false or sugarcoat it at all 
 I just get on the mic and spit it 
 And whether you like to admit it, I just crap it 
 Better than 90% of you rappers out can 
 Then you wonder how can kids eat up these albums like his name is Caleb 
 It's funny; cause at the rate I'm going, when I'm 30 
 Every single person is a Slim Shady lurking 
 He could be working at Burger King, spittin' on your onion rings 
 Or in the parking lot, circling 
 With his windows down and his system up 
 So, will the real Shady please stand up 
 And put one of those fingers on each hand up 
 And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control 
 And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go 
  
 [Hook] 
  
 Ha ha, I guess there’s a Slim Shady in all of us 
 Damn it, let’s all stand upKick a hypest lyric every time I run upon a track 
 You know I'm not wack 
 You have to step back 
 'Cause if you don't I'll prove that I'm the mac 
 Every time I kick a lyric tune it to two-ninety-five 
 Yo do you find me live? 
 If you don't then that's all right 'cause I'll just grab the microphone 
 And I just got to get so hype when I speak in a hyper tone 
 There's so many styles I might get thrown 
 And here's a place where I like to roam 
 And all the girls that I like to bone 
 Have the big butts, no they don't 'cause I don't like that nigga shit 
 I'm just here to make a bigger hit 
 When I be kickin' the hypest dopest rhymes 
 Just say that Eminem is the best MC in of all times[Intro: Noreaga] 
 Yea, yea, we back again, we doin' our shit, yo 
 Word up, I wanna hear some fly shit 
 You know what I'm sayin', some get high shit 
 Word up, I wanna hear some white boy shit, man 
 Yo, I wanna hear some Eminem, man 
 Talkin' about all that shit he be doin' 
  
 [Hook: Slim Shady] 
 You ain't into fuckin' drugs, fuck you 
 You don't do ecstasy, fuck you 
 You don't pop mushrooms, fuck you 
 If you don't wanna tab of acid, fuck you 
  
 [Verse 1: Slim Shady] 
 I'm nauseous in this place, I need some office space 
 The boss is late, I wanna slap the mustache right off his face 
 I'm ready to go postal, I'm so close 
 I can almost feel his throat with no pulse when I choke him 
 In ten seconds I'mma turn into Hulk Hogan 
 With a cigarette in his mouth 
 He tells me there's no smokin' 
 I'm sick of this shit, it's ridiculous 
 All I picture is kickin' his ass 
 When he's taking his ashes and flickin' 'em 
 I'm sick of these stamps 
 I'm sick of lickin' 'em, sick of stickin' 'em 
 I'm sick of lookin' at 'em, I'm sick of 'em 
 "Alright, Mr. Mathers, pick 'em up!" 
 No you pick 'em up! Bitch, stick 'em up 
 Get against the wall, senior citizens and all 
 I can't take this shit no more, everybody hit the floor 
 Get the door, close it and lock it 
 Put your wallets back in your pocket, I don't want dollars 
 Ain't none of us walkin' out of this office 
  
 [Hook: Slim Shady] 
 Faggot, fuck you, work at the post office, fuck you 
 Talkin' shit to me, tellin' me to take out 
 The goddamn garbage, fuck you 
 If you're a fuckin' dick, fuck you 
 If you're a white rapper, fuck you 
 Talk shit about Stretch? You're cool 
 But if you don't talk shit about Stretch, fuck you 
 If you're a fuckin' punk, fuck you 
 Talk shit about me, fuck you 
 You wanna battle me, fuck you 
 I ain't got to say shit to you but fuck you[Future] 
 Well Jimmy moved in with his mother 
 Cuz he ain't got no place to go 
  
 [Jimmy] 
 And now I'm right back in the gutter 
 With a garbage bag that's full of clothes 
  
 [Future] 
 Cuz you live at home in a trailer 
 What the hell you gonna do? 
  
 [Jimmy] 
 Cuz I live at home in a trailer 
 Mom I'm coming home to you 
  
 Well my names Jimmy, and his name's Greg Buel 
 And me him and you went to the same school 
 This ain't cool, I'm in a rage 
 He tapping my mom, we're almost the same age! 
 On the microphone I drop bombs 
 Look at this car, thanks a lot mom! 
 "Here happy birthday Rabbit 
 Here's a brand new car, you can have it" 
 A 1928 delta, this shit won't even get me to the shelter! 
 And I can't even say I'm from Motown 
 Cause I'm back in the 8-1-0 now 
  
 Cuz I live at home in a trailer 
 Mom I'm coming home to you[D'Phuzion] 
 Yo, B-Rabbit 
 This silly rabbit don’t like lettuce I heard he like dicks 
 Faggot niggas, with ponytails and lipstick 
 I'm for real; don’t give a fuck, what 
 What, ohh 
 It’s like this; east side is where I'm from 
 You got beef hit me on the streets with a badge and a gun 
 Fuck the badge; I'm coming through with black mags 
 'Bout to do this B-Rabbit nigga 'cause he's a fag 
 Like I said earlier in the clause 
 I stated that in my, oh shit 
  
 [B-Rabbit (Eminem)] 
 A'ight look 
 I can see that I’m put to the test 
 Battling this chick, with no breasts 
 And why I gotta battle a chick 
 Especially one that’s whack, wit' a dick? 
 So you a dope MC? 
 Don’t get mad, start taking' your period out on me 
 ‘Cause I ain’t done shit to you 
 What’s your name, Diffusion? Well then I guess I gotta diffuse you 
 This ain’t something I’m used to 
 Why the fuck did Future even introduce you? 
 I really don’t understand 
 Why this chick is up here right now and wants to be a man 
 On this mic it’s rat-a-tat-tat 
 Why the fuck am I standing here battling Da Brat? 
 You don’t really even wanna see this 
 On this microphone I will eat your fucking fetus 
 Yo[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I'm keepin' it raw, illegal like Malik and Jamal 
 Cause I don't believe in the law, like I'm Steven Seagal 
 Flippin' off the police while I'm leapin' a wall 
 Take some Tylenol, then fall asleep in a mall 
 I got ya little son, you'll be receivin' a call 
 You lucky this little punks still breathin' at all 
 Fuck the world, this how I get even at y'all 
 Pop shit, get rolled up and leave in a ball 
 I hit you in your mouth and sink ya teeth in ya jaws 
 You won't be able to eat shit, not even a malt 
 This lethal assault, is givin' you a reason to stall 
 I'm cockin' this deuce deuce and I'm squeezin' it off 
 At the first burp, fart sniffle a sneeze and a cough 
 Get your arm chewed off like you was teasin' a dog 
 I'm cold enough and hot enough to freeze and unthaw 
 I'll kick my girl out, in 10 degrees in her bra 
 You faggots turn yellow like the trees in the fall 
 I'm shittin' on rappers, (Where's Shady?) he's in the stall 
 All that's left of your niece is a piece of her doll 
 And all that's left of her puppy is a leash and a pawLyrics From Snippet 
  
 [Verse: Eminem] 
 You say I'm cold to the touch 
 Coulda told you this much 
 As I go for the gusto bending you over the hutch 
 But you're ready to spread 
 Can't tell if you're squirtingI know this girl 
 Her name is Lily 
 And it's past her bed 
 T-I-M-E 
 She goes to sleep 
 And she can just dream 
 And not have to be 
 In a stinky trailer with me 
 So when I feel blue 
 Don't know what to do 
 I look at you 
 And I just say *Raspberry Noise*[Produced by Dr. Dre] 
  
 [Hook] 
 Hi, my name is, what? 
 My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? 
 My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, what? 
 My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? 
 My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
  
 [Intro] 
 Excuse me! 
 Can I have the attention of the class for one second? 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Hi, kids! Do you like violence? Wanna see me stick nine inch nails through each one of my eyelids? 
 Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? 
 Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? 
 My brain's dead weight, I'm trying to get my head straight 
 But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate 
 And Dr. Dre said "Slim Shady, you a basehead!" 
 Uh-uhhh! "So why's your face red? Man, you wasted!" 
 Well, since age twelve I felt like I'm someone else 
 ‘Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt 
 Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off, and smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross 
 I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass 
 Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast 
 Come here, slut! "Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dog!" 
 I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off 
  
 [Hook] 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 My English teacher wanted to have sex in junior high 
 The only problem was, my English teacher was a guy 
 I smacked him in his face with an eraser 
 Chased him with a stapler 
 Stapled his nuts to a stack of papers 
 Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up 
 Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup 
 Extraterrestrial, killin' pedestrians, rapin' lesbians 
 While they're screaming, "Let's just be friends!" 
 99 percent of my life I was lied to 
 I just found out my mom does more dope than I do 
 I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper 
 Make a record about doing drugs and name it after her 
 You know you blew up when the women rush your stands 
 And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans 
 This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph 
 So I signed it: "Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole!" 
  
 [Hook] 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! 
 Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate! 
 I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die 
 I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive 
 Am I coming or going? I can barely decide 
 I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? 
 All my life I was very deprived 
 I ain't had a woman in years, my palms too hairy to hide 
 Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk 
 I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks 
 When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits 
 How you gonna breastfeed me, Mom? You ain't got no tits! 
 I lay awake and strap myself in the bed 
 Put a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head 
 I'm steaming mad and by the way, when you see my dad 
 Tell him that I slit his throat in this dream I had 
  
 [Hook]"So let's get down to business 
 I don't got no time to play around, what is this?" 
 {*scratching*} What is this? What is this? 
  
 [Intro] 
 The Invasion! (Invasion yeah) 
 Green Lantern! The infiltration, we comin'! (yeah) 
  
 [Bridge: Eminem] 
 I got 50 Cent, I got G-Unit 
 D-Tweezy in this bitch, with Obie Trice! 
 So watch what you say, 'fore you call our name 
 Cause you say one more thing and it won't be nice! 
  
 [Verse: Eminem] 
 Whoa, here we go, I shoulda' known 
 I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit 
 Sooner or later you little haters 
 Are too jealous of us to love us 
 You hate it G-Unit made it and Obie's coming 
 D-Tweezy's coming you're sick to your stomach 
 50 percent of it's 50 cent 
 The other 50 percent of it's who's color of skin it is 
 But if you even considerin' taking our label down 
 You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it 
 But I ain't trying to get too intricate into it 
 I'm just trying to you give you a little hint for your own benefit 
 Cause then it's gonna get to the point 
 Where it escalates into some other shit 
 Then I'm a flip, then I'm a get to 
 "Stomping in my Air Force Ones" 
 But you won't be able to tell if it's two pairs or it's one 
 It's just gonna feel like so many feet kicking you 
 You'd think Nike just made these into cleats in this shoe 
 I don't know what it is or what it could be 
 But I get a woody when these pussies try to push me 
 Thinking they gonna put me in a position to pickle me 
 Y'all tickle me pink, I think I'd just rather have P!nk tickle me 
 Hickory dickory dock, tickety tock tickety 
 A little bit of the diggedy doc diggedy 
 Mixed with a little bit of the Jigga-J-Jigga 
 Wit a small pinch of Biggie 
 Look at me, I'm just the bomb diggedy 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 We the realest label 
 Don't try to act like you don't feel our label 
 Cause we gon' fuck around and kill your label 
 Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50, Shady records, we the label fa' sho! 
 We the realest label 
 Don’t try to act like you don’t feel our label 
 Cause we gon' fuck around and steal your paper 
 Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50, we gon' kill your fuckin' label fa' sho! 
  
 [Post-Hook: Eminem] 
 Shady in the place to be see 
 And I got what it takes to +Roc The Mic+ right! 
 Still watch what you say to me punk 
 Cause I'm off probation in less than six months {*gun cocked*} 
  
 [Outro] 
 Haha, Shady Records 
 Still Aftermath, and don't think we don't 
 Hear you motherfuckers talkin'! 
 Cause we do. We see y'all 
 But we just gon' sit back for a minute 
 While I see what the FUCK y'all do[Automated Voice] 
 Thank you for your interest in Revival, the number one slightly invasive treatment for Atrox Rithimis. You only get one shot to beat AR. Don't miss your chance with Revival. Please hold to speak with a patient care representative. 
  
 While you wait, here's some additional information: 
 You should discuss the potential benefits and risks of Revival with your doctor or clergyman. Revival is a non-injectable medication given through the ear canal and is not intended for anal use. Revival is a non-narcotic medication intended for daily use that can be taken with or without food. 
  
 Tell your doctor about all health conditions, including if you: 
  
 Have a history of confusion or poor judgment 
 Are allergic to tympanic stimulators 
 Are pregnant or nursing 
 Revival does not cause serious side effects including: 
  
 Fleem's syndrome 
 Mild to disfiguring acne 
 Brain problems 
 Male pattern baldness, most commonly in women 
 Rage 
 Decreased appetite 
 Increased appetite 
 Seasonal affective disorder 
 Loose gums 
 Gluten sensitivity 
 Toothpain 
 Tight glutes 
 General feeling of head trauma 
 Softening of fingernails 
 Dramatically increased hair growth 
 Sudden nut allergies 
 Ringing in your mouth 
 and Light-leggedness 
 Thank you for continuing to hold. We give you some serious fucking credit for sticking with us. Tell your doctor right away if you have any of the following symptoms: 
  
 Fever, sweats or chills 
 Muscle ache 
 Cough 
 Shortness of breath 
 Blood and phlegm 
 Weight loss 
 Warm, red, or painful skin or sores on your body 
 Diarrhea or stomach pain 
 Burning when you urinate 
 Chills when you urinate 
 Urinating more often than normal 
 Feeling very tired or night sleeping 
 Revival does not cause you side effects but if you have them you should definitely seek medical attention.[Hook: Lazie Boi] 
 Cause Baby I'm Lonely 
 Can Somebody Hold Me 
 It Feel Like I'm Fallin Now, I Can't Hold My Ground 
 It Feels Like I'm Only 
 Trying But Slowly 
 It Feels Like I'm Fallin Now, I Can't Hold My Ground 
 No More 
  
 [Verse 1: Tyga] 
 Probably one of my realest loves ever, four page letters 
 In time it’s all better, ‘cause time heal whatever 
 I'mma need a moment cause moments last forever 
 Cars with cream leather, females are on regular 
 What’s the point in titles, we liking it how they tell us 
 I’d rather stay friends with benefits 'til we ready 
 Now ready, Sean Don got me feeling heavy 
 She like one more chance, more problems, no Biggie, ah 
 It’s all good, don’t take it the wrong way 
 Ain’t nothing personal, but who this nigga in your face? 
 We can leave together or you can take your space 
 The night young, we should head over to my place 
 Ha, now we laughing and all that 
 Tell your friend they can fall back 
 Ain’t even gotta ask twice 
 She said what you feeling like? 
 I'm like... 
  
 [Hook] 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Jimmy can crack corn but I don't care 
 My enemies crack corn but I don't care 
  
 You can be black white or albino yeah 
 You can have cornrows inside your hair 
 I give a fuck if I don't like your stare 
 This bottle of wine goes upside your head 
  
 A little bit psycho but I know that 
 Think you just don't say it and I won't say it 
 See if you don't brag then I don't brag 
 I know I'm bad as long as I know I'm bad 
 I don't need ya'll to co-sign no shit 
 You can just keept making them tired old threats 
 Little bit like the boy who cried wolf did 
 See me but don't dare to try no shit 
 Cuz you know that somewhere inside those layers 
 The rattlesnakes right there to bite your ass 
 And I can be so quite and strike so fast 
 Like lightening bolts right out the sky go blast 
  
 [Hook] 
  
 [Outro: Lazie Boi] 
 Cause Baby I'm Lonely 
 Can Somebody Hold Me 
 It Feel Like I'm Fallin Now, I Can't Hold My Ground 
 It Feels Like I'm OnlyI wasn't born mean I was pushed to treachery 
 I walked the streets looking for some puss to fetch me 
 I like a veggie brain, turn to mush, I'm edgy 
 Edgy enough to give Reggie Bush a wedgie 
 If he don't give me Kim things could get messy 
 So pass that ass to me, let me squish the left cheek 
 And pressed against the right one till it's smushed against me 
 And leave a dead body in the woods the MC 
 With the Christopher Reeves beef, we started off on the wrong foot 
 Or should I say fake leg, made outta wood? I shouldn't, yes I should 
 Riding through the hood, I'm chilling with Westwood 
 I'm quite mellow, a white fellow 
 My pee is bright yellow, I like jello, I'm like hello 
 To a cute little dike on the mic, I'm kinda like 
 Iron Mike cos I bite earlobes 
  
 Me and Westwood blasting off 
 Jacking off in a pair of Acid Wash, bumping Asher Roth 
 Crusin Gratiot till I damn near﻿ crash the car 
 Tryna smash a moth on the dash, hit the overpass-went off 
 Over the bridge, into on coming traffic 
 Caused a massive 42 car pile up, not a scratch at all 
 Hocked up holding a axe and saw 
 Jason mask is off but my face is plastered in Tabasco sauce 
 Spitting flames, kicking fire out ya ass 
 Ya little bastard, you can pass it on, I'm battery acid dog 
 You don't wanna get my ass ticked off 
 I'm harder than playing basketball when I'm going through crack withdraw 
 Dick's so big it's like elastic 
 I tie it in a knot and it looks like Mr. Fantastic 
 Crossed the path of plastic man, with a drastic force and went spastic 
 Put my penis on Classic Sports[Hook: Anna] 
 You can't let nobody stand in your way 
 You've just got to get back up yeah, you've just gotta get back up, ho-oh 
 And take down everything that you cannot change now 
 You've just got to get back up yeah, you've just gotta get back up, ho-oh 
  
 [Verse 1: T.I.] 
 Hey, what it is, world? Yeah, it's me again 
 Back before you, at your mercy, on bended knee again 
 No runnin' from the truth, as much as we pretend 
 That it ain't what it is, then it hits CNN 
 Apologies to my fans and my closest friends (I'm sorry) 
 For lettin' you down, I won't take you down this road again (uh-uh) 
 Most of you now sayin' "Whatever, here we go again" 
 Blogs, radio and television all goin' in 
 I laugh to keep from crying through all of the embarrassment (I gotta say) 
 I gotta say you fuckin' haters is hilarious (ha-ha!) 
 How dare you sit right there and act as if you holier than thou? 
 Point your finger now with me looking down (down) 
 Same clown that was twitpicking at my wedding 
 On the same Twitter page disrespecting, wait a second 
 Never mind my imperfections, this a fact, remember that 
 No mistake's too great to recover and bounce back 
  
 [Hook] 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 If I could capture the rage of today's youth and bottle it 
 Crush the glass with my bare hands and swallow it 
 Then spit it back in the faces of you racists 
 And hypocrites who think the same shit but don't say shit 
 You Liberaces, Versaces and you Nazis 
 Watch me cause you thinkin' you got me in this hot seat 
 You motherfuckers wanna judge me cause you're not me 
 You'll never stop me, I'm top speed as you pop me 
 I came to save these new generations of babies 
 From parents who failed to raise 'em cause they're lazy 
 To grow to praise me, I'm makin' 'em go crazy 
 That's how I got this whole nation to embrace me 
 And you fugazi if you think I'ma admit wrong 
 I cripple any hypocritic critic I'm sic'd on 
 And this song is for any kid who gets picked on 
 A sick song to retaliate to and it's called 
 This kind of music, use it and you get amped to do shit 
  
 [Hook] 
  
 [Verse 3: Lupe Fiasco] 
 Now we can say it ain't our fault if we never heard it 
 But if we know better, then we probably deserve it 
 Jihad is not a holy war, where's that in the worship? 
 Murdering is not Islam, and you are not observant 
 And you are not a Muslim 
 Israel don't take my side cause look how far you've pushed them 
 Walk with me into the ghetto, this where all the kush went 
 Complain about the liquor store, but what you drinking liquor for? 
 Complain about the gloom, but when'd you pick a broom up? 
 Just listening to Pac ain't gon' make it stop 
 A rebel in your thoughts ain't gon' make it halt 
 If you don't become an actor, you'll never be a factor 
 Pills with million side effects, take 'em when the pain's felt 
 Wash them down with diet soda, killing off your brain cells 
 Crooked banks around the world would gladly give a loan today 
 So if you ever miss a payment, they can take your home away 
  
 [Hook][Intro] 
 Uh, uh, uh, play that shit 
 What the fuck you doing Stretch 
 Gotta stretch your neck 
 You better protect it 
 I’mma Inspectah Deck 
 Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ho, ho 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Paul Where’s my words at 
 Yo see Slim Shady yo, where the birds at 
 Me and Flip the middle ones 
 Rappers get these little ones in they mouth 
 These little nuts, yeah 
 Shit, I don’t care I ain’t afraid to admit it 
 I got a little dick yeah, but so do you 
 You scared to admit it 
 You won’t spit it on this mother friggen mic 
 Cause I will strike and smack your ass like a friggen fag 
 And I don’t care if you get offended 
 I never pretended to rock this microphone beef 
 You wanna start it now we’ll end it 
 Cause when I slip in the zone up on this microphone 
 People want me to do a written rap but fuck that go home 
 I don’t really give a damn I’ll kick right off of the top 
 And everything that I drop always gonna remain hot 
 Let on the spot, Slim, I mean woops, Grim it’s when im dim 
 Yo, I’m in affect mode 
 Rappers get they neck sewed 
 Get they whole threshold fucked up 
 Get they damn fleshed sewed 
 Ha, ha 
 I busted, I kill it, I crush it, I do it, the fluid, I spill it, I’m ill wit 
 These motherfucking rhymes that I be coming with there running with me 
 Kick you in the motherfucking stomach shit 
 Cause you don’t want none of it 
 Rappers always try but they always die 
 And rappers always stuck to me and tried to lie 
 (Arf, Arf) 
 Yo, where my dogs at 
 Yo (err, ribbit) where my frogs at 
 In the house, It really doesn’t matter cause I still turn it out 
 When I step on this mic, smacking your spouse 
 Ha, Ha 
 The illest MC to come off the top 
 When I get this drum off 
 Yo Strech give me a break, let me catch my friggen breath 
 And till` the death, bust rhymes till` there’s none left 
 I’m wanted for theft and robbery 
 And probably smack a bitch up in the lobby G 
 Cause she don’t want none of me 
 I’m the illest MC to ever hold a cordless on the planet earth and you’ll see 
 That I’m from the friggen D 
 Ya’ll don’t get my point I’m from Detroit 
 Smoking fake grass like a joint 
 That’s the first simplest rhyme I ever said in my life 
 But, at the end of the night I’ll still be fucking your wife 
 Shit, I really don’t care your style needs to switch 
 Cause you ain’t rich, that’s why you ain’t rich 
 Remain underground, can’t come off the top 
 You can’t drop rhymes nonstop like this 
 I might twist my friggen dick up in your ear 
 Rappers always wanna stand clear 
 I’m a motherfucking landmine 
 Ya’ll don’t understand mine 
 I’m Slim Shady showing out like my tan line 
 Ha, ha 
 The illest MC to rhyme 
 Every time the illest MC of our time 
 I rhyme time and time twice but I’m nice 
 With this mic device I slice right through your Adams apple 
 I had a Snapple and a motherfriggen syringe 
 Up in the bathroom I shouldn’t have but yo I boinked 
 To any MC up in this shit who want some 
 To any MC who wanna step up and get some 
 Get done, fuck competition 
 Let me catch my breath one more time 
 Yo, I’m on a mission 
 To stomp any MC comp I just trunked 
 And swamp is this truamp a word?, no its not 
 Yo, but here I go with this lyrical, lyricols, spiritual flows, that I slow 
 Driving MC’s crazy, Slim Shady, up in your motherfucking radio baby[Produced by Dr. Dre] 
  
 [Hook] 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
  
 [Intro] 
 Excuse me! 
 Can I have the attention of the class,for one second? 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Hi, kids! Do you like violence?(Yeah yeah yeah) Wanna see me stick nine inch nails through each one of my eyelids?(A-ha) 
 Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? 
 Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? 
 My brain's dead weight, I'm trying to get my head straight 
 But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate 
 And Dr. Dre said "Slim Shady, you a basehead!" 
 Uh-uhhh! "So why's your face red? Man, you wasted!" 
 Well, since age twelve I felt like I'm someone else 
 ‘Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt 
 Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off, and smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross 
 I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass(whooah) 
 Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast 
 C`mere, slut! "Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dog!" 
 I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off 
  
 [Hook] 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 My English teacher wanted to have sex in junior high 
 The only problem was, my English teacher was a guy 
 I smacked him in his face with an eraser 
 Chased him with a stapler 
 Stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (OW!) 
 Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up 
 Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup 
 Extraterrestrial, killin' pedestrians, rapin' lesbians 
 While they're screaming, "Let's just be friends!" 
 99 percent of my life I was lied to 
 I just found out my mom does more dope than I do 
 I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper 
 Make a record about doing drugs and name it after her (Oh hey, thanks) 
 You know you blew up when the women rush your stands 
 And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans 
 This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude,can you sign that) 
 So I signed it: "Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole!" 
  
 [Hook] 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away!(Get him!) 
 Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate! 
 I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die 
 I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive 
 Am I coming or going? I can barely decide 
 I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive?(Go ahead) 
 All my life I was very deprived 
 I ain't had a woman in years, my palms too are hairy to hide(Whoops) 
 Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk 
 I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (Come here) 
 When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits 
 "How you gonna breastfeed me, Mom? You ain't got no tits!" 
 I lay awake and strap myself in the bed 
 Put a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head 
 I'm steaming mad,and by the way, when you see my dad 
 Tell him that I slit his throat in this dream I had 
  
 [Hook] 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady[Intro] 
 Alright, let's go 
 Yeah! Welcome to the official 
 Shade 45 Anger Management 3 Exclusive Mixtape (It's familiar!) 
 Brought to you by none other than the mother fuckin' 
 Notorious, infamous, DJ Clinton Sparks! 
 Whoo! 
  
 [Verse] 
 Once again it's the kid, yeah, eat a dick up 
 Pick up them nuts boy, lick up 'til you hiccup 
 Sick mo'fucka, yeah, same sick mug, it's the stick up 
 His middle finger and go chica-chica-chica 
 Hi! My name is Chica-chica-chica 
 Chica-chica-chica-chica-chica-chica-chica 
 Till this shit was stuck in your head 
 So much you were sick of I'mma teach love 
 In these boys say fuck a bitch say your daughter 
 And so we took this shit more 
 Choke a slut, smack a bitch whore 
 Beat a bitch up 
 Look at these kids they eat this shit up 
 And this was before I even knew what this shit was 
 It's affecting what it does 
 Parents come picking at us 
 Meanwhile ticket sales have just skyrocketed up 
 So shit fuck, shit fuck, shit fuck 
 Fuck you suck a dick slut 
 But I gotta go, it's time for me to go and pick up 
 Jessica, it's official I just broke her and Nick up[Eminem freestyling] 
  
 Die Bitches, Check it out bitches 
 All you bitch ass rappers 
 Need to get your clit repierced, Look at me, hip, I'm Britney Spears 
 Look at the way I wear my mascara 
 How you doing 
 I'm Pristina Gaguilera, And I sing songs about a genie in a bottle 
 And I'm Britney Spears 
 I got big tits, I'm a role model 
 To all little kids 
 But I got breast implants 
 That was the only way to get my chest enhanced 
 And here I go with the lyrical, miracle, spiritual everytime im incredible 
 With freestyles from the top that I drop 
 And my instinct 
 Is to kill N'Sync 
 And the Backstreet Boys 
 It really doesn't matter coz' I got a scratchy voice 
 Yo, check it out 
 But you ask me I ain't gonna be happy til' I see every member of the Backstreet Boys 
 Getting their ass beat 
 In the back seat of a taxi, And dropped of on the real backstreet 
 And somebody black sees five little rich white boys 
 Looking like faggots 
 With the N painted on the back of their jackets 
  
 [Proof] 
  
 Ohhhhh 
 And god damn it 
 Can't stop there 
 What's up? 
 It's over 
 And this just Some Bacardi and Mountain Dew 
  
 [Eminem] 
  
 And wonder how we tune is 
 Ten millionA body map of Eminem's tattoos, starting from the top-right, working down to bottom-left 
  
 Stomach: 
  
 Rot in Pieces 
  
 Left Arm: 
 Slim Shady/ Ronnie half sleeve 
  
 Right Arm: 
 Bonnie & Clyde half sleeve 
  
 Right Forearm: 
 D 
 Hailie Jade 
 Slit Me 
  
 Left Forearm: 
 12 
 Proof 
 Tribal band[Intro] 
 Woooo! It's Shady aka the Army Shady Records 
 Break it down 
  
 I do a lotta spittin' and I don't gotta try 
 But I ain't got rhymes to waste so let's make it 
 I ain't no gangsta, I ain't gotta start frontin' 
 I just call Banks up when I need to pop something 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I got a friend of mine, named 50 Cent I signed 
 This shit's official now, the deals is finished and it's time 
 To get down to this business, let's get these nicks and dimes 
 So hurry up and cop, G-Unit shit before it's gone 
 Its like a gold mine for my man to take nine 
 And bounce right back, he gotta be like Michael Myers 
 This shit must be a sign, these labels must be blind 
 Columbia, I know this must be fucking with they mind 
 They know they 'bout to cry cause they missed out 
 But I know how to get the dough cause Dre gave me a business mind 
 I said in my line, I hit 'em with a nine 
 I had a empty clip but they ain't check the chamber 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I ain't no gangsta, I ain't gotta start frontin' 
 I just call Banks up when I need to pop somethin' 
 But you gon' feel my shit, you gonna hit the stop button 
 We fuck you up a long time, you gon' get stomped stuntin' 
 I ain't no gangsta, I ain't gotta start frontin' 
 I just call Banks up when I need to pop somethin' 
 But you gon' feel my shit, you gonna hit the stop button 
 We fuck you up a long time, you gon' get stomped stuntin' 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Damn 50, this shit's about to hit the fan 50 
 Fuck happened to Ja? 
 He got the sickest vendetta, he must think that you betta 
 He bought to play with his paper, you gonna fuck with this chedda 
 Now homie think we gon' sweat 'em but we just gon' forget 'em 
 If he don't shut up we'll dead'em, let Yayo stomp his head in 
 It's all good cause we'd rather rap then to let a 
 Pussy play us outta pocket homie, so tell 'em 
 He better be easy 
 Start some bullshit, he'll get his whole crew wet 
 D-Twizzy, Obie, 50 Cent and G-Unit 
 Yo, he don't want it cause he's always drugged out 
 You won't see one picture where his pupils ain't bugged out 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I ain't no gangsta, I ain't gotta start frontin' 
 I just call Banks up when I need to pop somethin' 
 But you gon' feel my shit, you gonna hit the stop button 
 We fuck you up a long time, you gon' get stomped stuntin' 
 I ain't no gangsta, I ain't gotta start frontin' 
 I just call Banks up when I need to pop somethin' 
 But you gon' feel my shit, you gonna hit the stop button 
 We fuck you up a long time, you gon' get stomped stuntin'It's like this and like that and like this 
 I'm the illest rapper to hold the cordless, patrollin' corners 
 Lookin' for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters 
 I'm meaner in action than Roscoe beatin' James Todd Senior 
 And smackin' his back with vacuum cleaner attachments 
 I grew up in a wild hood, as a hazardous youth 
 With a fucked up childhood that I used as an excuse 
 And ain't shit changed, I kept the same mind state 
 Since the third time that I failed ninth grade 
 You probably think that I'm a negative person 
 Don't be so sure of it 
 I don't promote violence, I just encourage it 
 I laugh at the sight of death 
 As I fall down a cement flight of steps 
 And land inside a bed of spider webs 
 So throw caution to the wind 
 You and a friend can jump off of a bridge 
 And if you live, do it again 
 Shit, why not? Blow your brain out, I'm blowin' mine out 
 Fuck it, you only live once, you might as well die nowBroke the rubber 
 Busted a nut up in your mother 
 So how you feel about having another little brother 
 Nasty motherfucker 
 Talking like a trucker 
 Snatch your bitch up out of your track 
 I Smack her up and fuck her 
 Always talk shit high 
 Smoking chocolate Thai 
 So y'all can die 
 Just by walking by giving an awkward eye 
 I've lost my motherfreaking marbles 
 Smelling like a brewery 
 Jewelling at the way your jewellery sparkles 
 Head full of charcoals 
 Smoked out brain particles 
 Burning holes in clothes articles 
 A retarded fool since I started school 
 Burned the weed before I learned to read 
 Disregarded rules 
 Skip the classes to blaze the blunt ashes 
 Kissing front dashes and smashing up cars like stunt crashes 
 Hall passes for restrooms 
 Chewing mushrooms 
 Doing rush fumes in the lunch room 
 Looking nervous 
 Liquor in my thermos 
 Hung with hermits who carry guns without permits 
 Staring at the bitch with firm tits 
 Jacking off 
 Aiming straight for both lips when my sperm spits[Paul Rosenberg] 
 First Word, Excrement 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Exclimate, is that what you said? 
 My next defense, against these extra men 
 Who try to step to me and wanna have sex again 
  
 [Vaseline] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 You little sickass, I'll spray em with gasoline 
 They try to jack me off with Vaseline 
 My ass is mean, I smash your spleen 
 When I crash the scene 
  
 [Cell Phone] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 With a cell phone, now who the hell is home? 
 Y'all can't tell Paul how to throw me words 
  
 [Animal Crackers] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Cause animal crackers is what I do when I eat MC's like a cannibal backwards 
 Ha ha, I got it, that's not it 
 Fake rappers been spotted 
  
 [Broken Headphones] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Like broken headphones, you head home, you sped home 
 You get your head blown, rappers try to step, they speak in the dead tones 
 So I ain't trying to hear them, give me another, word for your mother 
  
 [Stretch Armstrong] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Stretch Armstrong, my brother, coming with rhymes every time that I be drumming 
 Running with this shit when I kick a bitch in the stomach 
 And star wars, this car's a Taurus 
 Yo, how many bars we hit tonight, cause I'm drunk off 
  
 [Peanut Butter] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Off peanut butter, you see my dick and you start to stutter 
 Start to utter, words that you shouldn't utter 
  
 [Mark Whalberg] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Cause Mark Whalberg is a small turd, and I'mma step on him like dogshit 
 A fore fist, so rappers just get off it, I come across with 
  
 [Pulp Fiction] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 With pulp fiction, yo I'll eat you like a big gulp addiction 
 Like slurpees, got herpes, got a hair piece, rest my anises(?) 
 Got brain damage, I'm dumber than rain man is 
 There's mayonnaise on this, I need a plain sandwich 
 Hurry up, give me one, rappers try to step to this static they wanna give me none 
  
 [Fresh vegetables] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 With fresh vegetables, my testicles are hanging off to the left of you 
 You're bisexual, and there's a guy next to you, standing, rappers know that I 
 Be- 
  
 [Preparation H] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Preparation H, you didn't even let me finish my rhyme 
 Just shut up for one more time, while I just shine, on this 
 Microphone, cause I'mma be honest, any MC who tries to step to this 
 I'm making you a promise, that what? Give me a word 
  
 [Nostradamus] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 That Nostradamus is blowing up your house, killing your foster mammas 
 And coming back to get your parents, well I have it 
 These rhymes are fourteen karat, solid gold 
 Rappers step to me, you get your wallet stole 
  
 [Times Square] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 In Times Square, I got blonde hair, I'm higher than con air 
 Rappers don't want to see me, I'll butt fuck Goldie Hawn bare 
 In a lawn chair, cause I'm there 
  
 [Kurt Russell] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 With Kurt Russell, saying "come here Goldie, you want my love muscle?" 
 I know you want it, I get blunted, then I 
 Kick these, freestyles just like whipped knees 
  
 [Taxicab] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 With a taxicab, I'll smack a bitch with a maxi pad 
 Where we going? Don't ask me dad 
 Leave me alone, I'm not trying, to even hear you 
 Dad, I hope you're fucking dying, off this porno mag 
 Yo, did you see my ad? Yo, wait a minute, did you see my ass? 
 Is what I meant to say, I meant to say a rhyme that goes this way is elementary 
 For the century, Slim Shady's is gonna be the illest 
  
 [Flamingos] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 What? Flamingos? My mother goes out and plays bingo 
 Every single day, at the bingo hall, that's why my dick is single, small 
 Didn't blow up, just don't give a what? A cuff? 
 Didn't blow up, just don't give a what? A cuff? 
  
 [DT's fired] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 But DT's fired, he's retired, he's not hired, yo plus I'm tired 
 Of busting and spitting this rhyme nonstop, I'm on top 
 Taking records to the pawnshop, stretch 
 Damn, see my big ick? Catch 
 Put a D in front of it, rappers don't want none of it 
 Coming with a ton of shit to spill, Slim Shady out, I get ill with the skill 
 Baby, aight baby, Slim Shady 
 Kick eighty million rhymes, till I'm older than Grady 
 Spilled gravy, all over my damn navy blue avi 
 Bye bye[Eminem] 
 Back's to the wall, I'm stacking up all them odds 
 Toilets clogged, yeah, ‘cause I'm talking a lot of 
 Shit but I'm backing it all up 
 But in my head there's a voice in the back and it hollers 
 After the track is demolished, I am your lack of a conscience 
 I'm the ringing in your ears 
 I'm the polyps on the back of your tonsils 
 Eatin' your vocal chords after your concerts 
 I'm your time that's almost up that you haven't acknowledged 
 Grab for some water 
 But I'm that pill that's too jagged to swallow 
 I'm the bullies you hate that you became 
 With every faggot you slaughtered 
 Coming back on you, every woman you insult 
 Batter, but the double-standards you have 
 When it comes to your daughters 
 I represent everything you take for granted 
 ‘Cause Marshall Mathers, the rapper's persona 
 Is half a facade, and Matthew and Stan's just symbolic 
 Of you not knowing what you had 'til it's gone 
 ‘Cause after all the glitz and the glam 
 No more fans that are calling your name 
 Cameras are off, sad, but it happens to all of them 
  
 [Evanescene] (x2) 
 I tried to kill my pain 
 But only brought more 
 So much more 
 I lay dying 
 And I'm pouring crimson regret and betrayal 
  
 [Notorious B.I.G] 
 Check it, I grew up a fuckin' screw-up 
 Got introduced to the game, got a ounce and fuckin' blew up 
 Choppin' rocks overnight 
 The nigga Biggie Smalls tryna turn into the black Frank White 
 We had to grow dreads to change our description 
 Two cops is on the milk box missin' 
 Show they toes, you know they got stepped on 
 A fistful of bullets, a chest full of Teflon 
 Runnin' from the police, picture that 
 Nigga, I'm too fat, I fuck around and catch a asthma attack 
 That's why I bust back, it don't phase me 
 When he drop, take his Glock and I'm Swayze 
 Celebrate my escape, sold the Glock, bought some weight 
 Lay back, I got some money to make 
 (I repeat) 
 Celebrate my escape, sold the Glock, bought some weight 
 Lay back, I got some money to make 
  
 [Evanescence] (x2) 
 I tried to kill my pain 
 But only brought more 
 So much more 
 I lay dying 
 And I'm pouring crimson regret and betrayal 
  
 [2Pac] 
 But still I'm havin' memories of high speed when the cops crashed 
 As I laugh, pushin' the gas while my Glocks blast 
 We was young and we was dumb, but we had heart 
 In the dark, will we survive through the bad parts? 
 Many dreams is what I had, and plenty wishes 
 No hesitation in extermination of these snitches 
 Envious bitches, they still continue to pursue me 
 A couple of movies, now the whole world's tryna screw me 
 Even the cops tried to sue me, so what can I do? 
 But stay true, sippin' 22's of brew 
 And now media is tryna test me 
 Got the press askin' questions, tryna stress me 
 Misery is all I see, that's my mind state 
 My history with the police will shake the crime rate 
 My main man had two strikes, slipped, got arrested, and flipped 
 He screamed "Thug Life!" and emptied the clip 
 Got tired of runnin' from the police 
  
 [Evanescence] (x2) 
 I tried to kill my pain 
 But only brought more 
 So much more 
 I lay dying 
 And I'm pouring crimson regret and betrayal 
  
 [Eminem] 
 There they go, packin' stadiums as Shady spits his flow 
 Nuts they go, macadamian they go so ballistic, whoa 
 He can make them look like Bozos 
 He's wondering if he should spit this slow 
 Fuck no! Go for broke 
 His cup just runneth over, oh no 
 He ain't had a real buzz like this since the last time that he overdosed 
 Theyve been waiting patiently for Pinocchio to poke his nose 
 Back into the game and they know 
 Rap will never be the same as before 
 Bashing in the brains of these hoes 
 And establishing a name as he goes 
 The passion and the flame is ignited 
 You can't put it out once we light it 
 This shit is exactly what the fuck that I'm talking about when we riot 
 You dealin with a few true villains 
 Whose stand inside of the booth truth spillin 
 And spit true feelings, until our tooth fillings come flying up out of our mouths 
 Now rewind it! 
 Payback muthafucka for the way that you doubted me hows it taste? 
 When I slap the taste out your mouth with the bass so loud that it shakes the place 
 Im Hannibal Lecter so just in case youre thinking of saving face 
 You ain't gonna have no face to save by the time I'm through with this place 
 So Drake 
  
 [Evanescence] (x2) 
 I tried to kill my pain 
 But only brought more 
 So much more 
 I lay dying 
 And I'm pouring crimson regret and betrayal[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 My name is Chauncey Billups, I'm kind of like a raunchy Phillips 
 Screwdriver, my crew's liver when you can't sleep and you're still up 
 I get the ball and I'm like Rip, you can't get a grip 
 You probably got stripped, you wanna rumble, no reason to trip 
 I grab her like Gnarls Barkley holds the mic, your snarls spark me 
 I smile like Charles Barkley come on I'm hard, guard me 
 Ain’t booin’, ain’t pursuin’, no lawsuits, I ain’t suin’ 
 I know what I’m doin’, give me the ball and your life is ruined 
 I'm like Rasheed, I remind me the spirit of Proof 
 I'm happy and lucky, ballin' and groovin', I'm on the move 
 I'm smooth with it, give me the ball, you don't know what to do with it 
 Shoot it in the basket, you other teams need a casket 
 LeBron sayin' don't respond, there's no back and forth 
 This game is mental, man, I play aloud and walk away just to hush the crowd 
 You trying to touch? Sit down 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 Detroit basketball 
 Homie like I told you this is Detroit basketball 
 Man I don't think you ready for the 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I get the crowd rolled up Like a U-Haul truck 
 Just call me 2 Ball Chuck, ain't too tall what 
 I'll leave Utah stuffed 
 Man I love this game, who the hell you called up? 
 You need points on the paint, I'm the joints when they stained 
 All my coins in the bank and we're going all the way 
 Yeah baby it's true, I'm talking to you 
 You already know what to do 
 Just pass to me, it just so happens to be 
 That I adapt with this heat so strap in your seat 
 I got a grasp on this beat, you ain't convinced? 
 Give it to Tayshaun Prince, we haven't stayed calm since 
 Leave the ball with delayed palm prints 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 Detroit basketball 
 Homie like I told you this is Detroit basketball 
 Man I don't think you ready for the 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 We get everybody involved homie, we get everybody involved 
 I said we get everybody involved homie,we get everybody involved 
 Yeah 
 Ahh 
 I said ahh 
 Give me the ball 
 You gotta walk before you crawl 
 Tell me you ain't listenin 
 This is Detroit basketball Homie, hey yo 
 Beam me up Scottie 
 HahahahahahahahahahahaaaaaaaaI told the world one day I would pay it back 
 Say it on tape, and lay it, record it so that one day I could play it back 
  
 They ask me am I okay, they ask me if I'm happy 
 Are they asking me that because of the shit that's been thrown at me 
  
 This is a beat with no words at first, it’s a blank painting 
 Exercising the mind, it’s brain strength training 
  
 My motto is live by the bottle 
 So why is my supply low? Bring in a truckload with a high-low 
  
 My name is Chauncey Billups, I'm kind of like a raunchy Phillips 
 Screwdriver, my crew's live when you can't sleep and you're still up 
  
 I came in this game with, bad intentions 
 And I ain't budged, not even an inch since then 
  
 Lava on my lips I flips, wake up think I have a cramp 
 I'm trying to shove the lava lamp up my father's ass 
  
 Got my self esteem back, got my confidence up 
 I'm gonna step up on this stage now, I'm gonna strut 
  
 Shady man, I done told you once homie to easy up 
 But you just won’t listen will ya? Nah, I guess not[Intro] 
 Comin' to you live at Shade 45 Invasion 
 The only radio station that plays in rotation 
 The Shady the slash with the Aftermath with the little Jay on the... 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Comin' to you live at Shade 45 Invasion 
 The only radio station that plays in rotation 
 The Shady the slash with the Aftermath with the little Jay on occasion 
 Maybe you may hear some Jada mixed with a plate of some D Block 
 Splash of 2Pac 
 One being that we don't cater cause we gonna play the fuck 
 Outta whatever we want this is Shady 
 And we gonna pump, pump the fuck out our own shit 
 From 50, Obie, Twizzy, Stat Quo 
 And we won't quit fuckin' you up 
 And we can keep sayin' fuckin' you up 
 Even till the FCC sayin' shut this dude up 
 Duck tape a his mouth a do somethin' 
 Quick fucka do fuck poppa do pop 
 Skippy dippy pop shit bitch asshole you son of a bitch! Chinga tu madre! 
 I start drama all day hemm delala 
 Comin' across your scanners it's the brand new station 
 Shade 45, motherfuckin' Slim Shady bitch and Green Lantern 
 Shady in the place to be, see 
 And it takes what I got to rock the mic right 
 And that was a freestyle too bitch so suck my dick if you do not like[Eminem] 
 I wasn't born mean I was pushed to trechary 
 I walked the streets looking for some puss to fetch me 
 I like a veggie brain, turn to mush, I'm edgy 
 Edgy enough to give Reggie Bush a wedgie 
 If he don't give me Kim things could get messy 
 So pass that ass to me, let me squish the left cheek 
 And pressed against the right one till it's smushed against me 
 And leave a dead body in the woods the mc 
 With the Christopher Reeves beef, we started off on the wrong foot 
 Or should I say fake leg, made outta wood? I shouldn't, yes I should 
 Riding through the hood, I'm chilling with Westwood 
 I'm quite mellow, a white fellow 
 My pee is bright yellow, I like jello, I'm like hello 
 To a cute little dyke on the mic, I'm kinda like... 
 Iron Mike cos I bite earlobes 
  
 [Mr.Porter] 
 Well, I must must say well uh 
 I'm just not gay well I 
 I'm must must say um well 
 See I'm the first to class and the last to leave 
 I mean I'm the first one to leave out of class, believe 
 That I'm a mailbox pimp in my heart til' I die 
 Even after I'm all gone and my ashes fry 
 Went from ashy guy, class clown this high 
 To a grown ass man 
 Runyons ave's the click, D12's the gang 
 We been spitting; this shit since we was little baby's 
 Gaga googoo nana, nanny booboo? never 
 Word to my homie Em, I'm just too too clever 
 A 45 shot'll leave a motherfuckers face lop-sided 
 The kick from the barrel make you think I'm cock eyed-ed 
 When I bust it off in the crow, you start diving 
 Greg Louganis in over the bar, I ain't lyin' 
 Hot I ain't equal, it's not defying a soldier 
 Runyons Ave soldier equals death when it's over 
 There's nothing colder than niggas than understranded struggle 
 Fly the street muscle, We been had the hussle 
 We been had the hussle, We been had the hussle 
 Fly the street muscle, We been had the hussle 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Me and Westwood blasting off 
 Jacking off in a pair of Acid Wash, bumping Asher Roth 
 Crusin Gratiot till I damn near﻿ crash the car 
 Tryna smash a moth on the dash, hit the overpass-went off 
 Over the bridge, into on coming traffic 
 Caused a massive 42 car pile up, not a scratch at all 
 Hocked up holding a axe and saw 
 Jason mask is off but my face is plastered in Tabasco sauce 
 Spitting flames, kicking fire out ya ass 
 Ya little bastard, you can pass it on, I'm battery acid dog 
 You don't wanna get my ass ticked off 
 I'm harder than playing basketball when I'm going through crack withdraw 
 Dick's so big it's like estlastic 
 I tie it in a knot and it looks like Mr. Fantastic 
 Crossed the path of plastic man, with a drastic force and went spastic 
 Put my penis on Classic Sports 
  
 [Mr. Porter]I don't know what point exactly it started to be a problem, I just remember liking it more and more, whenever people would try to help me I would say get that fucking person outta here, I can't believe they said that shit to me, they don't know anything about me or my life. It's not like I'm out here snorting coke or shooting heroin up my arm. 
  
 It's either you have a problem and can you control it or you can't, I literally thought I could control it until I overdosed during Christmas of 2007. Had I got to the hospital about two hours later, I would have died. My organs were shutting down. My liver, kidneys, everything. They were gonna have to put me on dialysis, they didn’t think I was gonna make it. 
  
 I remember coming out of rehab and relapsing and shooting right back up to where I was when I overdosed. I was ransacking my whole house just looking for a stash of Vicodin that I maybe hidden away and then I found some in my basement wrapped up it was the extra strength ones. 
  
 After I got out of rehab I did not sleep for three week straights I mean like not even nodding off for a fucking minute I would just sit up and stare at my TV. 
  
 I would walk around my house and thinking every single day, "I'm gonna fucking die." I'm looking at my kids, and like, I need to be here for them. I'm growing. I just couldn’t believe that anybody could be naturally happy or naturally function or be just enjoying life in general without being on something 
  
 The doctors told me I'd done the equivalent of four bags of heroin, 
 I was addicted Valium, Ambien, the numbers got so high I didn't even know what I was taking anymore. It never once hit me that drug addiction runs in my family, now that I understand that I’m an addict, I definitely have compassion for my mother. I get it now. 
  
 I wanted to make an overall statement — I’m back. It was a slow process. You gotta remember I hadn’t recorded a song sober in seven years. So it took me a while to even feel like I could record a song sober … I don’t know the last time I shot a video sober, without drinking or taking anything. It’s been years. 
  
 I almost feel like a little kid again with rap, I wanna play around with different flows. If I don’t feel like it’s what I’m fully capable of, if there’s one weak line, I wanna change it. Rap was my drug It used to get me high and then it stopped getting me high. Then I had to resort to other things to make me feel that. Now rap’s getting me high again. 
  
 So I would say to anybody, it does get better, you know. It just does.[Hook: Eminem] 
 Whether you rap or you don't rap 
 Duck 'fore you get rushed 
 Get stuck fucking with us 
 'Cause.... 
 We don't give a fuck 
  
 [Verse 1: Kon Artis] 
 Oh, we sound like Em clones, huh? 
 Where the fuck you think he started at holmes, huh? 
 Skip the small talk, talking is a risk you take 
 Kick yo' face 'till yo' head go through this window and break 
 Break to the 1-9, Denaun cause the gun-line 
 And collect bank from every weed spot like I'm one time 
 I'm ain't the remorseful type, I'll drink and still drive prone to hit anything at any given night 
 Fuck leaving my roots, I'm still in cahoots with nincompoops who shoot out like troops in Beirut 
 Pull up in a red hearse with Fred Durst dressed like a nurse 
 With a coach purse screaming he's [?] 
  
 [Verse 2: Bizarre] 
 On my Harley Davidson, I ride down Main Street 
 I speed with my dad's name on my ass cheek 
 Gimme your ones and get robbed with a broken gun 
 Got you doing more dances than Puffy's son 
 All you groupies that wanna get took 
 You gotta be 12 years old with a coloring book 
 And anyone else who wanna get fucked, 'cause 
 (Yeah bitch, oh shit!) 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 Whether you rap or you don't rap 
 Duck 'fore you get rushed 
 Get stuck fucking with us 
 'Cause.... 
 We don't give a fuck 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 We interrupt your little world of perfectness 
 To bring you the shit to murder conservatives with 
 To curse and diss, with verses so merciless 
 These words can just fuck up your high worse than this 
 {Police Sirens} 
 I've killed for less, and dumped bodies in the motherfuckin' wilderness 
 I'm a wildebeest, and I've concealed a piece even after I was busted by Warren Police 
 You think just because I got caught by these cops once 
 I'm not gonna carry shotguns to blow your wigs back like hamburgers without any top buns 
 So many damn murders I can't even count one 
 Two black guns, I don't know maybe they're Magnums 
 I don't know what the fuck they're called, I just grab them 
 12-gauge dumps in a drug-fueled rage, fuck age, still goin' through my "fuck-you" stage 
 I'm a 27-year-old eleven-year-old, I'mma never grow up, bitch, I ain't gon' ever get old 
 I'll be sitting here with a cane and a beard 
 Still insane and as weird as the day I came in here, brain in my rear, yeah 
 So until I'm wrinkled as Robert Van Winkle, I'mma drop a damn single every goddamn week, people 
 It's D12, June 19th, so do like me, and go buy three, with no ID 
 Kids 
  
 [Verse 4: Proof] 
 Now why you wanna play a game with me, dangerously 
 The outcome's hot, once split your brain in three 
 Proof with crooked raps, always ask them "What the fuck you lookin' at"? 
 And invite the hook to scrap 
 I gave my life to God, nigga, then I took it back 
 Took it black, this fuckin' gat will leave your cookie cracked 
 Detroit's derelict arrogant terrorist, straight on you aerospit 
 Spit at various people, to leave you [?] bloody 'till you're buried with 
 Every hit was serious, niggas wanna know how murderous the Dirty Harry is 
 When I'm on your front porch with guns about to bust 
 'Cause 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 Whether you rap or you don't rap 
 Duck 'fore you get rushed 
 Get stuck fucking with us 
 'Cause.... 
 We don't give a fuck 
  
 [Verse 5: Swift] 
 When they run into Swift they change directions 
 My shit so tight when hoes hear it they catch a yeast infection 
 You need protection, you gon' fear it 
 I snatch away yo' DNA from existence, with no spirit 
 Give up the carats or see the nine 
 Fuckin' with mine is like Farakhan chewin' up swine, on Christmas 
 With a white trailer bitch on his arm, chillin' in Europe, havin dinner with a Uncle Tom 
 I attack killin', fuckin' hoes like Matt Dillon 
 Stackin' obituaries higher than Michael Jackson's ceiling 
 I leaves nobody livin', I got Satan shiverin' 
 Hate what I'm deliverin', you know the best then send 'em in, crack you with a fifth of gin 
 You got your men, but they all wearin' skirts like them niggas from Scotland, you hoes are not grim 
 Don't make me stop in with a mag, and blow yo feet up out yo Top Tens 
  
 [Verse 6: Kuniva] 
 I'm the one they call in to torture ya 
 Smackin' your bitch and forcin' her in the back seat of an old Corcia 
 Kuniva's the silent type, but under the silence is a violent life, usually followed by sirens and lights 
 Get your throat cut by this tyrant's knife, from high as a kite 
 And my get-a-way driver's drivin' right 
 Fuckin' with Hans will get you flipped like a baton, the deadliest bombs 
 Wrap around niggas like Camabons, you know I ain't nothin' to play with 
 Thinkin' you real like The Matrix, fuckin' with niggas drippin' off self-hatred 
 I'm on some live shit, rappers be on some "Ready To Die" shit 
 'Till I put a ice pick, right through they eyelids, fuck heaters, I'll knock you out instead of shootin' 
 I hit hard, break yo' fuckin' jaw like Resolution 
 Give up the cash and coat, or get your little brother's classroom smoked 
 And the substitue gagged and choked 
 Nigga 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 Whether you rap or you don't rap 
 Duck 'fore you get rushed 
 Get stuck fucking with us 
 'Cause.... 
 We don't give a fuck 
  
 [Outro] 
 D12, June 19th 
 Do 'shrooms like me 
 Get ready for it. 
 Trouble soon, baby 
 You know it 
 Tell your mama and your sister too 
 'Cause we fuckin' 'em[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Things just ain't the same for psychos 
 Guns and rifles, sharp knifes, I like those 
 I might just O.D. by the end of tonight's show 
 With the right dose I might wipe out this light pole 
 But, the strangest things can happen from jabbin' 
 Pregnant women in the abdomen so they can't have children 
 Bitches get slapped up and drastic ass kicks 
 Gay-bashin' fags with tire irons and ratchets 
 I seen 'em come, I've watched 'em go 
 Versace "Whoa, hey!" Liberace "ho!" (echoes) 
 I might have bashed of somebody you probably know 
 Buncha' faggots in your clique screamin' "It's not me! No!" 
 Drag 'em out the closet and across the floor 
 Went you paid 'em a visit in the hospital 
 Stab 'em in the fuckin' tonsils with a popsicle 
 Stick, and sit back and watch 'em choke 
  
 Cause every chair that I throw 
 People sue me for dough 
 They press charges on me 
 Till I can’t fight anymore 
 But every girl that I choke 
 I got lawyers I know 
 Who got judges they know 
 So I suggest you stay home 
  
 Ha ha 
 Son of a bitch "what, what, what, what, what, what" 
 Slim Shady, album May 23rd 
 Dr. Dre 
  
 (Imitating Dr. Dre) 
 Damn bitches, I just took some ecstasy 
 I'm an extraterrestrial lesbian with a... 
 Ha ha 
  
 Cut that shit off, I'm outta here, peace[Verse 1: Chaos Kid] 
 Get up this morning, I'm feeling sleepy as hell 
 Went to use the bathroom when I tripped and I fell 
 All the way downstairs onto the couch 
 And I pissed my pants on the way down south 
 So I went back upstairs to change my underwear 
 Took a while to get em unstuck from my pubic hair 
 Finally got unzipped I went to put em down the street 
 But then I threw em in the garbage cause it all said pew 
 Hopped in the shower put shampoo in my hair 
 Went to rinse it out but then the water wasn't there 
 That damn toilet it must of went foul 
 Got another bath to wipe the stuff up with the towel 
 Went to get my clothes but I couldn't wear the wash 
 So I sat and played some Mario on my Nintendo 
 I was gonna see my girl but I forget that stuff man today 
 I just feel like a pooh butt... 
  
 [Hook-2x] 
 Sometimes things just never go my way 
 You know I'm just feeling like a pooh butt today 
  
 [Verse 2: Chaos Kid] 
 Now every single day I make habits to get up 
 But today I just feel like a pooh butt so ill stay in bed 
 I dont know whats wrong with me, I'm just taking everything nonchalantly 
 I just feel like I can't move one muscle 
 My girlfriend calls me up and tells me now we gotta hustle 
 My plane leaves to roll about quarter to 8 
 It's 7:15 looks like I'm gonna be late 
 Aww forget that baby said I just can't make it 
 I know you're disappointed but your gonna have to take it 
 I'm sick in bed I'm making [?] foot it but before hung up the phone she told me where I could put it 
 Comes next day I got a call from M&M he said 
 (We gotta make a record get ya butt outta bed) I said I ain't doin nothing I wish you nothing but luck he said (What's up?) I said I feel like a pooh but... 
  
 [Hook] 
 Sometimes things just never go my way you know i, im just feelin like a pooh butt today 
  
 [Break] 
 (Chaos Kid) "yo you ever have one of those poohie stinky ridiculous rotten days, M&M" (M&M) "man I had one once check this out" 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Woke up, 6:30 in the morning, yawning 
 Gotta get to the recording studio 
 I gotta get a take done 
 Put all my rhymes together so I can make one 
 Get outta bed, fall on my head 
 Slipped on the rug, I thought I was dead 
 Cussin', I think my head is busted but it's really nothing 
 Only a concussion, shake it off, get off the ground 
 Look around couldn't find my rhyme sheets; Where'd I put em down? 
 They were just there last night on the chair 
 Had to look everywhere but couldn't find em anywhere 
 Go to the basement might of misplaced em 
 Gotta find em in hurry but my visions still blurry 
 Goin' down the stairs what could happen next 
 But, when its this early you can't skip steps; 
 Fallin head first -- As I fall, I curse 
 Things are lookin' bad, I'mma only get worse; 
 Aching I shake and I hurt I stand up slowly 
 Wiped all the dirt off memory lapse 
 I can't remember nothing, think I'll collapse 
 If you forget the whole thing pause for a second 
 What was I looking for? Oh yeah, my rhyme sheets 
 They might be on the floor or on the chair 
 Wait a minute where am I? I'm in a basement 
 Damn, how does time fly? Think for a second 
 Record my memory if I were a rhyme sheet where would I be?? 
 Now I remember I put em in the closet next to my jacket 
 So I woulda never lost em 
 Already seven, I've only got an hour to eat breakfast 
 Get dressed, plus take a shower got undressed 
 Got the zest off the rack 
 Turn the water on and I almost had a heart attack; 
 Cold as hell, started to yell jumped out the shower 
 And said fuck it, I'll smell 
 Grabbed the towel off the rack, dried off got dressed 
 Still had to eat but my hair was a mess 
 I was in a rush, grabbed the brush 
 And ran into the door on the floor I land 
 Always to fate now; I know I'm cursed 
 I think it might help if I open the door first 
 Tried to turn the handle but I sprained my wrist 
 But that's what happens on a day like this... 
  
 [Hook] 
 Sometimes things just never go my way 
 You know I'm just feelin' like a pooh butt today 
  
 [Break] 
 (Chaos Kid): Wow, that sounds pretty poohie to me 
  
 (M&M): Now, I'm gonna break it downfor those who don't know what a pooh butt day is 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 Now, a pooh butt day is something everybody's had 
 No particular depression neither mad or sad 
 You couldn't see your butt because your butt is what it is 
 Cause when your feeling like a pooh butt 
 Then you're feeling like shit[Royce Da 5'9'] 
 Ryan’s a homocidal misfit 
 I write the solution of biophysics 
 On the side of a cliff and some hieroglyphics 
 This my admission to having violence psychotic 
 With the vile polish politics by the way I’m higher than the Eiffel tower tip 
 I like writing but I will stick this pencil in your ass before I write ya shit 
 Pause, inhale hell n kush, us and Yelawolf like a heavy foot gas pedal push 
 Felon’s, crooks, going door to door like he’s selling books, Dolly Parton style, melons mush 
 Now my bitch dancer, I’m bout as sick as cancer 
 If you could swallow my style, you probably rip ya pants off 
 If you could bottle my style and sell it to somebody 
 It’d probably smell like cologne made out of bits of panther 
 They call me anchor man, I’ll hold down the ship 
 Leave you niggas floating in water and go and drown a fish 
 Fuck I’m fucking heinous, I’ll make you fucking famous 
 Them lead showers is coming, fuck is you sayin’ 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Fuck, it’s fucking raining, shit, it’s lightening 
 Bitch, its thundering, cause I’m hushing up I’m a storm if you wonderin’ 
 Shit, shit you could muster up a thought, to take a toter? and a brain fart 
 Want urine in your face, all you had to do was say it 
 You wish you woulda just stayed pissed off in the first place 
 We came to monopolise the game 
 Illuminati is here, yeah, human oddities 
 At odds with us, just whats gotta be 
 Cause we started out cold and it snowballed 
 We froze, soon as we rolled up on these hoes 
 All’s we know is you over the bar like Limbo/ Limbaugh 
 You know who you are 
 So quit fucking the dark before we start callin’ you bizaare 
 Shit screw the boots, ya’ll dun raped a pitbull 
 Fell in love with Shih-tzu 
 This is directed directly at you 
 And as for these hoes who don’t know me from a can of paint 
 You must be huffin’, fuck a ballsack if the taints can’t take you on a date 
 You mistake me for a gentleman, your 2000 and late man, Will-I-ain't 
 I’m the bad guy, type of guy that will drag 5 girls up on stage 
 Pour ice in their pants and the first one who pee’s gets a black eye 
  
 [Hook - Eminem] 
 You must be outta ya mind 
 You think you fucking with us 
 Suck on these nuts 
 Bitch hang it up, this game is over 
  
 [Joell Ortiz] 
 Puffing loosies, watching I Love Lucy with Gary Busey 
 Crazy, how the fuck could you son me? I’m Shady 
 Will there ever come a day when they could slay me? 
 I don’t know, fifth month, black and yellow insect, maybe 
 Til then I kill the bad man tryna slay me 
 Everything you kick weak, your speak kung fu yazy 
 All my homeboys, 2.0 boys 
 Nickle, I just picked up a Phantom, look how it rolls, Royce! 
 Even if I wanted to quit, I ain’t got no choice 
 Verses keep coming, I should invoice my own voice 
 You should see the kind of asses that my pole hoist 
 Hoes be like diamonds in your chain, man, so moist 
 Bang bang bang bang, house gang, chainsaw 
 Here to kill you pussy’s, don’t ask what we came for 
 I write til my right arm vein’s sore 
 Forearm feel like Thor’s arm in a gang war 
 You hear that Yaowa, you know who finna file out 
 Definitively finish you, my fist stick out that eyeball 
 Piranha mentality with a jaws bite all night 
 Coming up, never saw light, but never lost sight 
  
 [Joe Budden] 
 Jets and movers, cess-poolers, meth abusers 
 You step to us, text rugers to respect the shooters 
 My men think in sync, roll with the best crew 
 Move to the beat of the same drum without Lex Luger 
 Welcome to nay hood, bigger than jects, G 
 Cheated death multiple times without riggin the deck 
 So I’m well prepped if you just want war 
 There’ll be blood everywhere, you be laying on the Louboutin floor 
 It’s raw, you keep acting like you don’t know Mouse, nigga 
 And you gon’ need the best doctors, house nigga 
 Guard your jewels and avoid large tools 
 Cause after I spill you at the light, you be in a car pool 
 Keep your distance from idiots, cause the truth told 
 They food for thought’s rotten, they gems are fool’s gold 
 Need results from my actions, mistakes I’ll exonerate 
 I’m Martin King staring at a picture of Obama’s face 
 Talking funds, niggas ain’t never seen stock 
 I don’t need the key to the game, I pick a mean lock 
  
 [Hook - Eminem] 
 You must be outta ya mind 
 You think you fucking with us 
 Suck on these nuts 
 Bitch hang it up, this game is over 
  
 [Crooked I] 
 Takeoff, you invited inside of the mind of a psychotic rhymer 
 I’m kind of a Dahmer, I’m grinding 
 Now rappers are lining up jackers, I’m climbing up ladders 
 I buy enough clappers to retire you factors, fire at drama 
 You liars and actors, I’m the genuine article 
 But read me wrong, get my gun and split you to particles, particles 
 Tell me when and I’m there 
 Not only heir to the throne, but my chair is suspended in air 
 Stay fly like a limited fare 
 You got us pegged wrong, my circle don’t fit in with squares 
 I smell shit and piss, know where it’s coming from 
 You stepped on number two just to be number one 
 Now I’ma step on you, bring it to yo yard 
 Bogart for arts, we go hard 
 You frauds just blow hard like broads, I coast guard the west 
 I’m Mozart, I compose dark shit with no heart 
  
 [Yelawolf] 
 I got no Jim Beam in the liver 
 Getting head like clean clippers, with haters on my dick like a jeans zipper 
 When I throw up 16′s like I drink liquor 
 You think you seen sick? Well, bitch, you ain’t seen sicker 
 Then I’ll crack, and then I’ll hop around in a hospital gown 
 Popping the trunk, my pumper stay cocking the round 
 I shit logs and I piss river brown 
 Cause I drink creek water and spit the river Nile 
 And that’s as close as I get to a pyramid 
 Shit, they think I’m Illuminati, so f-ckin’ ignorant 
 Sick with a grin, here with this pen, so innocent 
 But when you win, they say you a sin, but in the end 
 They jump on the bandwagon and dance to the band playing 
 Skinny-ass pants sagging, it’s only yourself you playing 
 Call me a clown, but you love where the clown’s hanging 
 And the freakshow’s at the county carnival then you pay 
 Bitch, I’m on a trapeze with no legs in the dark 
 Yelling “Go Shady” driving slower than an old lady 
 In an old ’89, no piece if you pay me 
 Gimme peace sign on my grill, no Mercedes 
 I’m getting paid for these shows that I throw lately 
 Same shows a year ago woulda broken most of you crazies 
 They call me crazy cause I made it 
 Bitch, you crazy cause you quit, look at my clique lately 
 You ain’t fucking wit’ Budden, you ain’t got no choice with Royce 
 You don’t wanna see the Crooked I, well, listen to Ortiz voice 
 That dirt road hit the 8 Mile, the porno boys 
 And if Marshall want me to clap, then homie, I deploy 
 Game over 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Yo, I don’t think they heard you, tell ‘em again 
 [Yelawolf] 
 Game Over{Freestyle over Jay-Z's 'So Ghetto'} 
  
 [Intro: Eminem (Proof)] 
 Yeah. Now I'm getting distorted. (Can you turn it down) When I was...I should've been aborted. But it was too late...uh oh. (Uh oh) Yo, just turn up the beat a little bit. I don't care if the mic is distorted. Fuck it 
  
 [Eminem] 
 That's it, that's it, gotta hit than pass it 
 I'm blasted off a tab of acid 
 Flabbergasted 
 Hopped in a cab and blasted the cab driver 
 I said...haha 
 Hold on a minute 
 Give me infinite beats that I can kick for a minute 
 Y'all don't understand 
 The way that I got this mic in my hand 
 Killing any MC who stands or sits or walks 
 Or is handicapped 
 It doesn't matter, Mr. Handicap, hand me that 
 Haha 
 I clap hands with the rap fans 
 Jump in their wheelchairs and give 'em a lap dance 
 I'm the illest MC who will kill this 
 And what? 
 And Die Hard like who? 
 (Bruce Willis) 
 Thank you very much that's a fucking cliche 
 But I will rock the microphone and don't care about what he say 
 Or they say or I say or we say or them say 
 Eminem say shit that only Slim say 
 Or Slim says 
 Fuck a les 
 -bian in her ass 
 Korean or a... 
 Haha 
  
 [Interlude: Proof talking] 
 Ayo, let me try something. Uh uh uh uh uh uh. I'm not free in here, check it out 
  
 [Proof] 
 I rap if there was no rap within a soul clap 
 Expose wack rappers and smack 'em with my bozack 
 Flatten 'em like inner tubes 
 Punch my fist through the torso of thinner dudes 
 And when I'm in the mood make a serious winner lose 
 Get high of gin and booze 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Hahahaha 
 In an inner tube 
 While I'm in the nude 
 With a centerfold 
 In the winter cold 
  
 [Proof] 
 Ayo we give it though 
 Give me an envelope 
 I get open with Tim Westwood show 
 And Cypher Sounds I strike you down 
 Don't like the way you sound, you wack now 
 You got my style packed down or should I say down pack 
 Any MC's will tell you right now that you sound wack 
 Call us up and then we make noise then see shells 
 We shall prevail you faker than Lee Nails 
 And we tell D-12 to all those that don't know 
 Flow for flow we rocking your radio 
 How you feel right now? 
 C'mon Shady flow 
 Yo, yo, yo 
  
 [Interlude: Eminem and Proof talking] 
 [E] Yo, turn the beat up a little bit 
 [P] I know, it's like the beat is like mad low 
 [E] Hello, hello, hello, check, check, check 
 [P] Hello 
 [E] Check, check, check 
  
 {beat switches to LL Cool J's 'Ill Bomb'} 
  
 [E] What, what? 
 [P] Awwww shit 
 [E] Yo, turn it up a little bit 
 [P] Yeah, just turn it up, up, up, up 
 [Cypher Sounds] C'mon Tim turn it up 
 [E] Yeah, just turn it up Tim 
 [P] Let it be distorted. Yo, yo, yo 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Trapped in a cinema, in a material world 
 Criminal, cops scour the rural area thorough 
 Cause I kissed a girl, married a girl 
 Carried a girl to the cemetery, buried a girl 
 And I'm desperate, no one to mess with 
 Always get arrested for something domestic 
 And I kill the way you met me 
 You'll never catch me, cops can't sketch me 
 You can't upset me, no matter how bad 
 How mad you get me 
 Problem with y'all, I'm letting the Tec speak 
 Went from sweet to hard 
 Beat the odds 
 From no hoes to show, quit the pizza job 
 No more fools to rob, no more geeks to rob 
 No more stolen cars, no more Visa cards 
 (Visa cards) 
 Slim Shady 
 (Slim Shady and D-12)[Intro] 
 Blastin' off(Aw yeah!) 
 Yo, I'm sayin' though, you understand what's going on London? 
  
 [Pre-Performance Ad-Libs] 
 One two, one two 
 One two, one two, one two 
 Y'all done started something that you can't undo 
 Yo, yo 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I'm up in the spot with Tim Westwood 
 You wanna step to this? You better use your best foot 
 Flawless freestyles I drop right off the top 
 Take a bottle of beer and bite off the top 
 Right of the block, straight to your neighbourhood 
 The flavor's good in London and I'ma stay for good 
 Yo, check it out, it's Slim Shady 
 I rip the radio right off of the S baby 
 Y'all can't see me 'cause y'all don't wanna even be it 
 Y'all don't understand these freestyles when I MC it 
 Original bad boy on the case, cover your face 
 Came in the place, blowed and sprayed Puffy with mace 
 I lace the weed with insect repellent, better check the smelly 
 Eminem starts with E, better check the spellin' 
 With a capital, somebody grab me a Snapple 
 I got an aspirin capsule trapped on my Adam's apple 
 Somebody dropped me on my head and I'm for sure 
 That my mother did it, but the bitch won't admit it was her 
 I slit her stomach open with a scalpel when she was 6 months 
 And said I'm ready now bitch, ain't you feeling these kicks, cunt? 
 The world ain't ready for me yet, I can tell 
 I'll probably have a cell next to the furnace in hell 
 I'm sicker than sperm cells with syphilis germs 
 And I'm hotter than my dick is, when I piss and it burns 
 I kick you in the tummy until you're sick to your stomach 
 And vomit so much blood that your clothes stick to you from it 
 Hit you in the head with a brick till you plummet 
 If y'all don't like me you can suck my dick till you numb it 
 And all the gibberish you were spittin', you need to kill it 
 'Cause your style is like dying in my sleep, I don't feel it 
 And any MC that try to step to this I'll throw you right off of the roof 
 Ayo, bust it Proof! 
  
 [Verse 2: Proof] 
 One of a kind and I come with the time 
 Having fun with the rhyme until I'm done with your mind 
 Listen, now every MC got a story 
 Well mine is me and my story is an >❓❓< before me 
 I'm sorry >❓❓< the style to be proved 
 Ayo since Big Daddy Kane fell off they don't know how to be smooth 
 Yo, I seen a fat rodent walk in with Paul Rosen 
 With a gat in holding, talking 'bout he DeShaun Holton 
 It's the same thing, we bust when it come through 
 With Tim Westwood, your best foot forward 
 Can't do that, here it is, put your good foot 
 We mack y'all, like y'all was some hoes on Wood wood 
 No time for that, flatbacks when you rap, counterattack 
 With a battle axe, you collapse from them whack raps 
 You try to spit to me, I make you all know I'm a genius 
 A >❓❓< 
 Come back holding my―yo, no need to cuss, bust (penis!) 
 Yo we can't say that keep it the cleanest, the meanest 
 Slim Shady, next thing it was my fault 
 Y'all caught outlined in chalk, incredible as the Hulk 
 While I settle for >❓❓<, it's the P-R-letter O 
 Sex is hetero, cash more checks than federal, you better know 
 How you feel about they got a dope cheddar flow 
 And my man Dee Teezy, straight from Stress magazine 
 Bag a scene, we drag your queen 
 Like she's a man dressed up, how you feel you get pressed up 
 Left up, it's time for that P-R-O-O, you get F'd up 
 Yeah it's time for that mind combat 
 Next up my man Slim Shade when we rhyme at 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Last night I OD'd on rush, mushrooms and dust 
 And rushed to the hospital to get my system flushed 
 Shucks, I'm an alcoholic and that's all I can say 
 I've called in to work cause all I do is frolic and play 
 I swallow grenades and take about a bottle a day 
 Of Tylenol 3 and talk about how violent I'll be 
 Give me 11 Excedrin and my head will spin 
 Medicine will get me reving like a 747 jet engine 
 Scratched my balls till I shred the skin 
 Doctor check this rash, look how red it's been 
 It's probably AIDS, forget it then 
 I'll strike a still pose and hit you with some ill flows 
 That don't even make sense like dykes using dildos 
 So reach in your bill folds for 10 duckets 
 And pick up the Slim Shady stuff that's on Rawkus 
 Some'n some'n some'n some'n, I can't read it 
 My daughter scribbled over that rhyme, I couldn't read it 
  
 [Verse 4: Proof] 
 Ayo, the truth hurt when Proof hurt 
 Move the whole Earth beneath your feet just like loose dirt 
 So F your politics if you swallow, feel the hollow tips rip 
 Through your collar disc, learn your knowledges 
 Then burn your colleges, I touch your grill 
 With the skill of a dermatologist, your turn to follow this 
 Acknowledge this head cracker, ho smacker 
 Whack rapper attacker, internet hacker 
 No slacker, best factor, Midwest bracket 
 Yeah you know about it, it's us on your jacket 
 DJ Headscratcher like a hatchet, who can match it? 
 Make you go-go like Gadget, perform magic 
 Without a wand, I drop bombs without Saddam 
 A vet' without 'Nam, I make sense without common ground 
 I'm still down y'all with my first crew 
 You got a fly style, I down that just like curfew 
 Yo I'm worth two ears and a mind full of attention 
 Plus I'm CEO of the whack MC prevention 
 Listen to the real gift over ill riffs 
 Cause you on the mic, me and Em aren't tryna hear like Will Smith 
 Your career's not over with, come here to cope a spit 
 We heat the sub y'all before the supernova hit 
 I know the truth, so now I’m baring all 
 I make R. Kelly confess he stole his first style from Aaron Hall 
 A whack MC with a gun, I'm not one 
 And when see Kurt Cobain tell him "bring back my shotgun" 
 I got one style for all y'all bazooka 
 Ayo if I was 2Pac I'd come back from Cuba 
 Rhyme with me when I push on her tooters 
 Tryna get wild and then we bust like Lugers 
 Me and my man Slim Shady, we pen great-y 
 Take our 80 MC's, West you know what, what 
 What, what, what, what 
 What 
  
 [Verse 5: Eminem] 
 Yo yo yo 
 One more time I come back 
 Slinging the wack, yo 
 I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless, patrolling corners 
 Looking for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters 
 I'm meaner in action than Roscoe beating James Todd Senior 
 And smackin his back with vacuum cleaner attachments 
 I grew up in the wild hood, as a hazardous youth 
 With a messed up childhood, that I use as an excuse 
 And ain't nothing changed, I kept the same mindstate 
 Since the third time that I failed 9th grade 
 You probably think that I'm a negative person, don't be so sure of it 
 I don't promote violence, I just encourage it 
 I laugh at the sight of death as I fall down a cement flight of steps 
 And land inside a bed of spider webs 
 So throw caution to the wind, you and a friend 
 Can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again 
 Pfft, why not? Blow your brain out, I'm blowing mine out 
 Forget it, you only live once you might as well die now 
  
 [Verse 6: Proof] 
 Yeah, best do like it is 
 Roll your tape recorders, we came to the London borders 
 Walk in a caster store, put on a master score 
 Blast your four, then I trash your store 
 Your woman start to scream so I stab your whore 
 Jet out your door faster than a Labrador 
 Yeah, yeah 
  
 [Verse 7: Eminem] 
 Smoking herb and still we spit 
 On this microphone, they say I'm allowed to say 'shit' 
 So I'ma say it as much as I can 
 Cause it don't matter cause I'm the man 
 With a fricking beer in my hand 
 I said frick cause I was respect to Tim Westwood 
 Y'all wanna step to this, yo I come from the best hood 
 Detroit, the Motown, where it goes down 
 Kick the flow sound, rappers they know now 
 But kick a pro now 
  
 [Verse 8: Proof] 
 Back and forth, me and Em don't need to practice 
 Y'all lack this, we stick you like a cactus 
 You scream like a actress, the fact is 
 Y'all can't see us in '99, 2000 
 3000, 4000 arousing styles 
  
 [Verse 9: Eminem] 
 And 3 plus, y'all wanna be us 
 But none of y'all can see us 
 Even if y'all had some new bifocals, I try locals 
 So y'all die >❓❓< cause I smoke you 
 Plus I provoke you and then I bust 
 Freestyles y'all can't trust, I'm like Canibus 
 I bust, can I bust? No you can't 
 Well yes I can cause I'm Slim Shady and I'm the man 
  
 [Verse 10: Proof] 
 We flex styles like a bicep 
 I found out where Canibus money went 
 I borrowed a dollar from Wyclef 
 Rhyme deaf MC's need to try this 
 You can't get with this, make you one of my 
 Plus that, we bust back, yo F that 
 Rap that, step up and get flat 
 And it's time for y'all to hear what this year's around 
 Detroit been quiet long enough 
 Yo Slim, I need you to back me up 
 My freestyles ain't connecting 
 They better start respecting 
  
 [Verse 11: Eminem] 
 Well I'ma check then with dirty needles 
 It's two of us but we're not the Beatles 
 Cause there was three of them, and I am seeing them 
 But yall ain't seeing Em even if I was driving in the BM in the PM 
 With the top up and the top down, don't matter cause I rock now 
 Yo y'all can hear the Glock sound, 2Pac now 
 Yo that's what I am when I bust, this lyrical image 
 Y'all can't just betray the scrimmage 
 That I be killing when I be busting and I'm crushing 
 Any MC leave em with no freaking discussion 
  
 [Verse 12: Proof] 
 Run up in your house then I shot your wife 
 Ayo Em, hold these Tylenol 3's while I rock the mic 
  
 [Verse 13: Eminem] 
 Weed lacer, ninty-seven burgundy blazer 
 Wanted for burgulary, had to ditch the mercury Tracer 
 I'm on some loc shit, some fed up with this being broke shit 
 I'm not to joke with, yo I don't sell crack, I smoke it 
  
 [Break] 
 Aight? 
 Blastin' off, aight? 
 We blastin' off right now, London! 
 Tim Westwood baby, you don't understand right now! 
 We bombing the whole land on some Vietnam shit yo! 
 Where we >❓❓< yo! 
  
 [Verse 14: Eminem] 
 Hand me an .8, beam me up and land me in space 
 I'ma sit on top of the world and spit on Brandy and Ma$e 
 I'm more than ill, scarier than a white person 
 Trapped in a room with Lauryn Hill, human horror film 
 But with a lot funnier plot, and people that feel me 
 Cause I'ma still be Madd Rapper, whether I got money or not 
 As long as I'm on pills, and I got plenty of pot 
 I'll be in a canoe paddling, makin fun of your yacht 
 But I would like an award 
 For the best rapper to get one mic in The Source 
 And a wardrobe I can afford 
 Otherwise I might just end up back-striking a Ford 
 And you wonder what the hell I need more Vicodin for 
 Everybody's pissing me off; even the No Limit Tank 
 Looks like a middle finger sideways flipping me off 
 No duh I'm a great danger to my health 
 Why else would I kill you then jump in the grave and bury myself? 
 You can hate me now 
  
 [Verse 15: Proof] 
 Need to run for cover 
 Eminem is white but he still my brother 
 Slim Shady, known to go and smoke crack 
 But you and Charli Baltimore got something in common, you both whack 
 How you feel about that? No need to jock 'em 
 You so whack you make Master P sound like Rakim 
 When it's time to bust y'all, when we trust y'all, we dust y'all 
 Who y'all? Break your balls like cue balls 
 I know who you are, you RuPaul 
 Do stall, for those try to fall and try to brawl 
 All y'all get bust up and banged up, framed up 
 How many MC's bring my name up? 
 The same slut said the same thing, it's freestyle 
 No need to rehearse, my verse is universal 
 Curse a flow, crush you like Hershel Walker 
 Allie Sparker, three day sparker highland Parker chalker 
 You MCs can't get darker than the Midwest bracket 
 It's us, me and Emzee 
 Come right there, we feeling flimsy 
 Tipsed up, one time lifetime we ripped up 
 It's bad to the evil, met that, now it's all to say 
 Death rap, fuck hoes, don't even say get blast away, passed away 
 Blasted ass, hey yo, they say we're Aftermath 
 Slim Shady, you heard that, my words black 
 But bust you up because you preferred that 
 To hear me now, preferred that, the surgical snipe 
 Preserved you with life, I'll make you allergic to life 
 You die for this, don't even battle us 
 See us at the―what's that?―Subterreanean 
 We knock your brain in 
  
 [Outro] 
 Flows are hmm delly-lah like Arabian! 
 (Proof mimicking Arabian speech) 
 Ayo, ayo 
 We don't wanna hear that best white rapper, we be talking 'bout 
 Best rapper 
 Get all that out, you know what I'm sayin' ? 
 No doubt, never 
 Blastin' off 
 Explosions left and right(left and right) 
 This is legendary(Legendary) 
 Legendary!(Remember this show!) 
 This is John Lennon, this is John Lennon, legendary 
 Remember this show 
 History, baby 
 We on some John Lennon 
 Blowin', blowin' 
 We blowin' the spot right now London 
 Where it's war yo! 
 Blowin'! 
 It doesn't even matter 
 Slim Shady, Big Proof 
 Cmon Tim Westwood 
 We blowin' up the spot right now London! 
 London's done, it's gone! 
 What did ya think baby? 
 Thanks for having us Tim 
 No doubt, no doubt, we blowin' up the spot 
 We blastin' off with Tim Westwood now 
 You understand what's going on London? 
 No doubt! 
 Big up New York, big up Paris, big up London 
 Big up Jersey, big up Brooklyn, Queens, Bronx, Manhattan 
 Big up Tim Westwood 
 We makin' it happen yo! 
 Tim Westwood, where it's born! 
 Thank you everybody, have a good night's sleepI stay higher than racial tension, with a facial expression 
 Tensed up like I'm suffering from a case of nasal congestion 
 Eyes hazel, complexion beige, age still in question 
 Critics hate my tape, kids can't wait for the next one 
 As long as there's rejects, my tape never ejects the deck 
 That's the level of respect each CD gets 
 While ya'll graspin at straws like me snorting crushed Aspirin 
 And gasping at air and collapsing in malls 
 I'm just a realistic impression of artistic expression 
 Whose tape was in the deck when kids shot up the delicatessen 
 So when I launch a verse full of controverse 
 That'll haunt you worse than Ma$e before he joined a church (P Diddy!) 
 I'm sorry kids I dismissed this class 
 I'm going back in the broom closet to sniff this gas 
 Um, Mr. Mathers just missed the bathroom 
 Pissed his pants and the world still kissed his ass 
 This is my last album cause this is my last Valium 
 Just pick my ass up when I pass out in the bathroom 
 If ya'll don't like the shit that you're hearing 
 Then blow me til your lipstick is smearing 
 And I can see my dick disappearing 
  
 May 23rd 
 That means we're taking over this year, you heard? (x2) 
 Yo, May 23rd[Eminem] 
 Yo, speed racer, 97' burgundy Blazer 
 Wanted for burglary, had to ditch the mercury tracer 
 I'm on some low ish 
 I'm fed up wit the being broke ish 
 I'm not to joke wit 
 Bitch, I don't sell crack, I smoke it 
 My brains dusted; I'm disgusted at all my habits 
 Too many asprin tablets and empty medicine cabinets 
 Losing battles to wack rappers cause I'm always too blunted 
 Walking up in the cypher smoking, talking like, "Who want it?" 
 Thug and crook; every drug in the book I've done it 
 My 9's at your frame,is that your chain? Run it 
 Who wants to die of an overdose of excessive flavor? 
 Aggressive nature got me sticking you for your Progressive pager 
 Spectacular, battle rap manufacturer 
 Stole your mom's Acura, wrecked it, then sold it back to her 
 ( Right right right ! ! ! ) (( Ding ! ! ! )) 
 The doctors you'll need after our battle are known as psychiatrists 
 I'll tell the nurses to hold a bed for you 
 And I'ma make sure you come back for it 
 So barricade your infants, put up some extra fences 
 A woman beater, wanted for repeated sex offenses ( Ooh ) 
 ..Take em' on long vacation trips 
 Kidnappin' em' and trappin' em' in abusive relationships 
 Mess up your face and lips 
 Slit your stomach and watch your gut split 
 Gut you wit that razor that I use to shave my nuts wit ((Laughter)) 
 Mama don't you cry, your son's too far gone 
 I'm so high, I don't even know what label I'm on 
 I'm messed up, feeling like an over worked plumber 
 I'm sick of the crap, what's Dr. Kevorkian's phone number? (Ha.. Hot )[Intro] 
 Ah, yeah (It's like this, like this) 
 This is Eminem, baby, back up in that motherfucking ass 
 ('Til forever, 'til forever) 
 One time for your motherfuckin' mind (For MC's, MC's) 
 We represent the 313, you know what I’m saying? 
 Yo, they don’t know shit about this, for the '96 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction 
 To get your brain relaxin', the zany actin' maniac in action 
 A brainiac in fact, son, you mainly lack attraction 
 You look insanely wack when just a fraction of my tracks run 
 My rhymin' skills got you climbin' hills 
 I travel through your mind, and chill your spine like siren drills 
 I'm slimin' grills of roaches, with spray that disinfects 
 And twistin' necks of rappers 
 'Til their spinal column disconnects 
 Put this in decks and check the monologue 
 Turn your system up, twist 'em up 
 And indulge in the marijuana smog 
 This is the season for noise pollution contamination 
 Examination of more car-tunes than animation 
 My lamination of narration 
 Hits a snare and bass on a track for duck rapper interrogation 
 When I declare invasion 
 There ain't no time to be starin', gazin' 
 I turn the stage into a barren wasteland 
  
 [Hook] 
 I'm Infinite; you heard of Hell 
 Well, I was sent from it 
 I went to it, serving a sentence 
 For murdering instruments 
 Now I'm trying to repent from it 
 But when I hear the beat, I'm tempted 
 To make another attempt at it; I'm Infinite 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Bust it! I let the beat commence 
 So I can beat the sense in your elite defense 
 I got some meat to mince 
 A crew to stomp, and then two feet to rinse 
 I greet the gents and ladies, I spoil loyal fans 
 I foil plans and leave fluids leaking like oil pans 
 My coiled hands around this microphone are lethal 
 One thought in my cerebral is deeper than a jeep-full of people 
 MC's are feeble, I came to cause some pandemonium 
 Battle a band of phony MC's, and stand the lonely one 
 Imitator, intimidator, stimulator 
 Simulator of data eliminator 
 There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus 
 Fuck around and catch all the venereal diseases 
 My thesis'll smash a stereo to pieces 
 My a cappella releases classic masterpieces 
 Through telekinesis, it eases you mentally 
 Gently, sentimentally, instrumentally 
 With entity, dementedly meant to be Infinite 
  
 [Hook] 
 I'm Infinite; you heard of Hell 
 Well, I was sent from it 
 I went to it, serving a sentence 
 For murdering instruments 
 Now I'm trying to repent from it 
 But when I hear the beat, I'm tempted 
 To make another attempt at it; I'm Infinite 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Man, I got evidence, I'm never dense 
 And I've been clever ever since my residence was hesitant 
 To do some shit that represents the MO 
 So I'm assuming all responsibility 
 ‘Cause there's a monster will in me 
 That always wants to kill MCs 
 Mic nestler, slammin' like a wrestler 
 Here to make a mess of a lyric smuggling embezzler 
 No one is specialer, my skill is intergalactical 
 I get cynical, act a fool, then I send a crew back to school 
 I never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical 
 I'd rather let a tactical, tactful track tickle your fancy 
 In fact, I can't see, or can't imagine 
 A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratchin' 
 So this is for my family, the kid who had a cameo 
 On my last jam, plus the man who never had a plan B 
 Be all you can be, ‘cause once you make an instant hit 
 I'm tensed a bit, and tempted 
 When I see the sins my friends commit 
  
 [Hook] 
 I'm Infinite; you heard of Hell 
 Well, I was sent from it 
 I went to it, serving a sentence 
 For murdering instruments 
 Now I'm trying to repent from it 
 But when I hear the beat, I'm tempted 
 To make another attempt at it; I'm Infinite 
  
 [Outro] 
 '95, '96 ('96) 
 And on and on and on (and on and on)Bust it 
 The final problem is solved by throwin' sulfuric acid all over your back to see your spinal column dissolve 
 Droppin' bodies like it was domino season 
 My phenomenal legion will shoot out 
 Your fuckin' abdominal region 
 Slim Shady, responsible for your permanent stillness 
 Just escaped from the hospital with terminal illness 
 Itchin' to rip your fuckin' frame out 
 Cuz I ain't got nothing to lose 
 Like that movie that just came out 
 Callin' your name out, first, last and your middle initial 
 Your mom, your dad, and your pregnant widow will miss you 
 And anybody else poppin' some shit'll go witchu 
 Cuz I ain't tryna hear it like a political issue 
 So until I can leave with enough funds 
 I'mma shove guns up in the mouths of your loved ones 
 Drown 'em face down in the bath while the tub runs 
 Got a rap sheet that's longer than Tubby's sub buns 
  
  
 And I'mma kill it, just so y'all think 
 That I can't come of the top 
 And I be forced to rock unorthodox styles 
 From off the top of the dome 
 With a popular poem, forget a damn team 
 I can stop you alone 
 Rapper's thinking they putting out 
 They records cause they sell 
 But that can't fuck with what me, we doing here with AL 
 Y'all don't wanna do it, when we kick it 
 When we kick the fluid 
 Rappers don't wanna get into it, Y'all knew it 
 Cause the feds want me, they headhunt me, I'm Ted Bundy 
 I ain't dead, I just fled country 
 Said bluntly, a cannibal, animal, fed monthly 
 Eating bread crunchy, cement bed's comfy 
 Head's lumpy, funky like a dead skunk be 
 Med flunkie, jump off cliffs with thread bungee 
 Wearing red undees and a black cape 
 Rollin' through the hood cracked out 
 Bumpin' your whack tape 
 I'm coming through dumpin' 
 Change your rap name to Richard Jewell 
 Cause you ain't blowing up nothing 
 I'm showing up puffin', throwing up drinkin' 
 Killing brain cells till I'm slowing up thinking 
 Growing up stinkin', born with bad odor 
 Gimme Hennessey but please don't add soda 
 Now who's doper? You couldn't beat me when I'm sober 
 I'm off my fuckin' rocker like your Grandma tipping over 
 Slim Shady 
  
  
 "Son, where you from son?" 
 "Yo, I'm from Detroit city" 
 "Uh huh" 
 "I'm bout to do a little something like this 
 A little something like this." 
 "Ok, drop that shit." 
 "Bust it, bust it" 
  
 Yo, I hang with a bunch of hippies 
 And wacky tobacco planters 
 Who swallow lit roaches and light up like jack-o-lanterns 
 Outsidaz baby, and we suin' the courts 
 Cause we dope as fuck and only get a two in the Source 
 Yo, they never shoulda booted me outta reform school 
 Deformed fool, taking a shit in a warm pool 
 Till they threw me out the Ramada Inn 
 I said it wasn't me, I got a twin 
 (Oh my God, it's you! Not again!) 
 It all started when my mother took my bike away 
 Cause I murdered my guinea pig 
 And stuck him in the microwave 
 After that, it was straight to the forty ouncers 
 Slappin' teachers and jackin' off in front of my counselors 
 Class clown freshman, dressed like Les Nessman 
 Forget the next lesson, I'll pass the test guessin' 
 And all the other kids said "Eminem is a thizz head 
 He'll never last, the only class he'll ever pass is phys-ed" 
 Maybe true, 'til I told this girl in gym class 
 That she was too fat to swim laps she need a Slim Fast 
 (Who? Me?) Yeah, girl you so big 
 You stepped, walked into Vic Tanny's 
 And stepped on Jenny Craig 
 She picked me up to snap me like a skinny twig 
 Put me in a headlock, then I thought of my guinea pig 
 I felt the evilness and started transformin' 
 It began stormin', I heard a bunch of cheerin' fans swarmin' 
 Picked that bitch by her hair, drug her across the ground 
 And threw her up to the highest 
 Diving board to toss her down 
 Sorry coach, it's too late to tell me stop 
 While I drop this girl face down and watch her belly flop, cause it's like that 
 And I come in and I start wildin' and shit 
 Then I be busting a lyric 
 And rappers don't believe I'm freestyling it 
 Well here it goes when I'm kicking lyrical flows 
 From your head to your toes 
 So that every rapper in this place knows 
 Cause when it comes to the freestyle 
 Coming off of the top of the dome 
 I'm knocking your mouth and ya off, so who you copying off? 
 Stop being soft, I'm standing on top of your loft 
 Killing you off slowly, like Roberta Flack 
 I've never heard of wack 
 MCs that try to step to me, I'll break your verta-back 
 Or vertebrae, increase the murder rates 
 In 79 states... Yo, check it 
 I'm bout to pass the mic to the next 
 MC who wanna step up and flex 
 With the techs, but make sure your shit is fresh 
 Come on, wreck it, who wanna be next? 
  
  
 It goes like this: 
 Broke the rubber, busted a nut up in your mother 
 So how do you feel about having another little brother 
 Nasty motherfucker, talking trash like a trucker 
 Snatch your bitch up out your track 
 I'll smack her up and fucked her 
 Always talk shit high, smoking chocolate Thai 
 So y'all can die, just for walking by giving an awkward eye 
 I've lost my motherfucking marbles 
 Smelling like a brewery 
 Droolin' at the way your jewelery sparkles 
 Head full of charcoal, smoked out brain particles 
 Burning holes in clothes articles 
 A retarded fool since I started school 
 Burned the weed before I learned to read, disregarded rules 
 Skip the classes to blaze the blunt ashes 
 Kissing front dashes from smashing up 
 Cars like stunt crashes 
 Hall passes for restrooms, chewing mushrooms 
 Doing rush fumes in the lunch room 
 Looking nervous, liquor in my thermos 
 Hung with hermits that carry guns without permits 
 Staring at the bitch with firm tits 
 Jacking off, aiming straight for both lips when my sperm spits 
  
  
 Set it off 
 Rappers get beheaded if they soft 
 Yo they get they wires crossed 
 Rappers try to step to me but I'm so ill I'll fire your boss 
 And this is all freestyle, killing it 
 While I'm filling it with adrenaline, rappers be feeling it 
 Like it was braille, so y'all can touch me anywhere 
 Cause I want you to feel me, 
 Rappers wanna kill me, but they don't thrill me 
 So check it, I'm bout to wreck when I make the record 
 Cause I'm, skinny like an anorexic girl headed for the exit 
 Running butt naked away from just being date raped 
 Rappers? I twist 'em into a great shape 
 And throw 'em in the Great Lakes 
 'Cause I'm from the Michigan state 
 For fishermans' sake, I throw 'em and toss 'em in 
 Rappers try to step to me 
 But this is the Holocaust and you'll never win 
 Cause I've forever been bent, forever demented 
 Rappers try to step to me but their shit is sweet-scented 
 And I'm demented, and if I said it I meant it 
 Killin' any MC cause I'm Infinite, and when it 
 Comes to the way that I'm spittin' lyrical infinite ammunition 
 And putting a clip in this lyrical track that I just be rippin' 
 Crushing it, killing it, taking your best line and hushing it 
 Taking your shit and flushing it down the toilet 
 Taking your biggest plot and foil it 
 Rappers can't uncoil it, I'll take my shit and aluminum foil it 
 Then throw it in the microwave and watch burn up 
 'Cause I'mma blow up 
 Rappers? I make 'em ill enough to throw up 
 Don't show up if you come to the battle 
  
  
 "Can I speed it up? Just a little bit? 
 Alright that's cool. Alright 
 Bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it, bust it 
 This one for Quest." 
  
 Some people say I'm strange, I tell them ain't shit changed 
 I'm still the same lame asshole with a different name 
 Came late to the last show with a different dame 
 Brain ate from the last O' that I sniffed of 'caine 
 You know you're spaced the fuck out like George Lucas 
 When your puke is turning to yellowish-orange mucus 
 So when I grab a pencil and squeeze it between fingers 
 I'm not a rapper, I'm a demon who speaks English 
 Freak genius, too extreme for the weak and squeamish 
 Burn you alive till you screaming to be extinguished 
 Cause when I drop the science 
 Motherfuckers tell me to stop the violence 
 Start a fire and block the hydrants 
 I'm just a mean person, you never seen worse than 
 So when Slim gets this M-16 bursting 
 You getting spun backwards 
 Like every word of obscene cursing 
 On the B-side of my first single with the clean version 
 Stopping your short life while you're still a teen virgin 
 Unless you get a kidney specialist and a spleen surgeon 
 In the best hospital possible for emergency surgery 
 To try to stop the blood from your 
 Ruptured sternum internally 
 I'll take it back before we knew each other's name 
 Run in the hospital and snatch you out your mother's frame 
 I'll take it further back than that 
 Back to Lovers' lane, to the night you were thought of, and 
 Cock block your father's game 
 I'll plead the fifth like my jaws were muzzled 
 So suck my dick while I take a shit 
 And do this crossword puzzle 
 And when I'm down with ten seconds left in the whole bout 
 I'mma no a head-butt so hard, I knock us both out 
 No doubt[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Here I go, lyrical 
 I have no Idea what I'm doin' but I'm spiritual 
 On the microphone I tear you up in stereo 
 I'm like the grand wizard, yes, I'm the imperial 
 I have no fuckin' clue what the fuck I'm doin' 
 But "Freifick, Muschi", your whole life is ruined 
 If you try to step to me your life's a jeopardy 
 'Cause I will seek you out wit' 
  
 [Speaking: Stefan Raab to Eminem] 
 "Now it's my part!" 
  
 [Hook: Stefan Raab] 
 Zucker im Kaffee 
 Und Zitrone oder Sahne in den Tee 
 Und dazu den ganzen Tag lang nur Amor 
 Das ist wunderbar, Señor 
  
 [Speaking: Stefan Raab to Eminem] 
 "And now it's your part again, it's your part again, it's your part again!" 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Yes, here we go – break it down 
 I got the crown, I'm 'bout to take it now 
 Yo, I got my man and he's on the guitar 
 And when it comes to lyrics I go so far 
 Like a car that I'm drivin', survivin' of Vivarin 
 I'm alive, I'm like eye of the tiger 
 And I kick it so, so, fuckin' hard 
 Now "Freifick, Muschi", don't diss me – regard it, come on! 
  
 [Speaking: Stefan Raab to Eminem] 
 "And now it's my part again, here we go!" 
  
 [Hook: Stefan Raab] 
 Zucker im Kaffee 
 Und Zitrone oder Sahne in den Tee 
 Und dazu den ganzen Tag lang nur Amor 
 Das ist wunderbar, Señor 
 Nochmal! 
 Zucker, Zucker, Zucker, Zucker ... 
 Zucker im Kaffee 
 Und Zitrone oder Sahne in den Tee, aha! 
 Und dazu den ganzen Tag lang nur Amor 
 Das ist wunderbar, Señor 
  
 [Outro: Stefan Raab] 
 Give me some noise! Make some noise![B-Rabbit (Eminem)] 
 Cheddar, I can rip you to a shred a 
 Cheddar cheese, there's not a better MC than me 
 I'm B-Rabbit, bitch, sting like a bee 
 Float like a butterfly, what am I, so what if I 
 Cut a guy, did I s-s-stutter guy 
 Leave you punch drunk from lunch truck to Shelter 
 You never felt the wrath or felt the skelter, melt ya 
 Got the belt for the welterweight champ 
 You got in with a fake stamp 
 Garbage bag full of clothes, still pullin' hoes 
 Rip you from head to toe, from leg to bullet hole 
 Next gun pull it slow 
 And aim at the Free World 'fore you let it go 
 Instead of "Oh, I just shot my dick head" 
 And yes, you do got a big head 
 I can't call it, Cheddar where's your wallet? 
 You're so drunk, you can outdrink the alcoholics 
 Make 'em say "Damn, Cheddar's the man 
 He needs a can surgically removed from his hand"[Intro: Groove Coverage] 
 God is a girl! 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Yo, yo, yo, yo 
 Have you ever been hated or discriminated against? 
 I've been protested and demonstrated against 
 Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times 
 Sick as the mind of the [motherfuckin'] kid that's behind 
 All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans, explodin' 
 Tempers flarin' from parents, just blow 'em off and keep goin' 
 Not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell long as I'm breathin' 
 Keep kickin' ass in the morning and takin' names in the evenin' 
 Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth 
 See, they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out 
 Look at me now! I bet you're probably sick of me now 
 Ain't you, Mama? I'ma make you look so ridiculous now! 
 Look so ridiculous now, look so ridiculous now 
 Look so ridiculous now, make you look so ridiculous now 
 Now, now, now, now, now, now... 
  
 [Verse 2: Groove Coverage] 
 Remembering me, discover and see 
 All over the world, she's known as a girl 
 To those who are free, their minds shall be keep 
 Forgotten as the past, 'cause history will last 
  
 [Chorus: Groove Coverage] 
 God is a girl, wherever you are 
 Do you believe it? Can you receive it? 
 God is a girl, whatever you say 
 Do you believe it? Can you receive it? 
 God is a girl, however you live 
 Do you believe it? Can you receive it? 
 God is a girl, she's only a girl 
 Do you believe it? Can you receive it? 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy 
 There's vomit on his sweater already: Mom's spaghetti 
 He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready 
 To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting 
 What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud 
 He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out 
 He's choking, how? Everybody's joking now 
 The clock's run out, time's up, over—blaow! 
 Snap back to reality, there goes gravity 
 There goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad but he won't 
 Give up that easy, no, he won't have it, he knows 
 His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter, he's dope 
 He knows that but he's broke, he's so stagnant, he knows 
 When he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's 
 Back to the lab again, yo! 
  
 [Interlude: Eminem] 
 One shot, or one opportunity 
 To seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment 
  
 [Verse 4: Eminem] 
 I got some skeletons in my closet 
 And I don't know if no one knows it 
 So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it 
 I'ma expose it; I'll take you back to '73 
 Before I ever had a multi-platinum-selling CD 
 I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months 
 My [faggot] father must have had his panties up in a bunch 
 ‘Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye 
 No, I don't, on second thought, I just [fuckin'] wished he would die 
 I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leavin' her side 
 Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try 
 To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake 
 I maybe made some mistakes 
 But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face 'em today 
 What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb 
 But the smartest [shit] I did was take the bullets out of that gun 
 ‘Cause I'da [killed him, shit], I woulda shot Kim and him both 
 It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show 
  
 [Chorus: Groove Coverage] 
 God is a girl, wherever you are 
 Do you believe it? Can you receive it? 
 God is a girl, whatever you say 
 Do you believe it? Can you receive it? 
 God is a girl, however you live 
 Do you believe it? Can you receive it? 
 God is a girl, she's only a girl 
 Do you believe it? Can you receive it? 
  
 [Verse 5: Eminem] 
 No more games, I'ma change what you call rage 
 Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged 
 I was playin' in the beginning, the mood all changed 
 I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage 
 But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cypher 
 Best believe somebody's payin' the Pied Piper 
 All the pain inside amplified by the 
 Fact that I can't get by with my nine-to- 
 Five and I can't provide the right type of life for my family 
 'Cause man, these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers 
 And there's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life 
 And these times are so hard, and it's gettin' even harder 
 Tryna feed and water my seed, plus teeter-totter 
 Caught up between bein' a father and a prima donna 
 Baby mama drama, screamin' on her, too much for me to wanna 
 Stay in one spot, another day of monotony's 
 Gotten me to the point I'm like a snail, I've got 
 To formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot 
 Success is my only motherfuckin' option—failure's not 
 Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got 
 To go; I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot 
 So here I go, it's my shot: feet, fail me not 
 This may be the only opportunity that I got 
  
 [Outro: Groove Coverage] 
 God is a girl![Intro / Spoken: Eminem] 
 Yeah! 
 God damn! 
 Feels like a long time don't it? 
 Did you miss us? 
 We missed you! 
 Ha! 
 Shady Narcotics 
 It's the Re-Up 
 Pussies! 
 And we're back 
 Myself 
 D12 
 50 Cent 
 Obie Trice 
 Stat Quo 
 And I would also like to introduce 
 The two newest members of the family 
 One goes by the name of Bobby Creek 
 The other goes by the name of Ca$his, from Orange County 
 And I think it's about time we just cut the bullshit, let's go![Verse 1: Eminem (as Stan)] 
 Dear Slim, I wrote you, but you still ain't callin' 
 I left my cell, my pager and my home phone at the bottom 
 I sent two letters back in autumn 
 You must not've got 'em 
 There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin' 
 Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em 
 But anyways, f— it, what's been up, man? 
 How's your daughter? 
 My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm 'bout to be a father 
 If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her? 
 I'ma name her Bonnie 
 I read about your Uncle Ronnie too, I'm sorry 
 I had a friend kill himself over some [bitch] who didn't want him 
 I know you probably hear this every day 
 But I'm your biggest fan 
 I even got the underground stuff that you did with Skam 
 I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man 
 I like the stuff you did with Rawkus too, that [shit] was phat 
 Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back 
 Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Stan 
  
 [Hook: Elton John] 
 My tea's gone cold 
 I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all 
 The morning rain clouds up my window 
 And I can't see at all 
 And even if I could it'd all be gray 
 But your picture on my wall 
 It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem (as Stan)] 
 Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote 
 I hope you have a chance 
 I ain't mad, I just think it's messed up you don't answer fans 
 If you didn't want to talk to me outside the concert 
 You didn't have to 
 But you could've signed an autograph for Matthew 
 That's my little brother, man, he's only six years old 
 We waited in the blisterin' cold for you 
 For four hours, and you just said no 
 That's pretty crummy, man, you're like his favorite idol 
 He wants to be just like you, man, he likes you more than I do 
 I ain't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to 
 Remember when we met in Denver? 
 You said if I'd write you, you would write back 
 See, I'm just like you in a way; I never knew my father neither 
 He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her 
 I can relate to what you're sayin' in your songs 
 So when I have a crumby day, I drift away and put 'em on 
 ‘Cause I don't really got [shit] else 
 So that [shit] helps when I'm depressed 
 I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest 
 Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds 
 It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me 
 See, everything you say is real 
 And I respect you ‘cause you tell it 
 My girlfriend's jealous ‘cause I talk about you 24/7 
 But she don't know you like I know you, Slim, no one does 
 She don't know what it was like for people like us growin' up 
 You gotta call me, man 
 I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose, sincerely yours, Stan 
 P.S. We should be together too 
  
 [Hook: Elton John] 
 My tea's gone cold 
 I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all 
 The morning rain clouds up my window 
 And I can't see at all 
 And even if I could it'd all be gray 
 But your picture on my wall 
 It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem (as Stan)] 
 Dear Mr. I'm-Too-Good-to-Call-or-Write-My-Fans 
 This'll be the last package I ever send your ass 
 It's been six months, and still no word—I don't deserve it? 
 I know you got my last two letters 
 I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect 
 So this is my cassette I'm sendin' you, I hope you hear it 
 I'm in the car right now, I'm doin' 90 on the freeway 
 Hey, Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive? 
 You know the song by Phil Collins 
 "In the Air of the Night," about that guy who could've saved that other guy from drownin' 
 But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him? 
 That's kinda how this is 
 You could've rescued me from drownin' 
 Now it's too late, I'm on a thousand downers now, I'm drowsy 
 And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call 
 I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall 
 I loved you, Slim, we could've been together 
 Think about it! You ruined it now 
 I hope you go to sleep and you dream about it 
 And when you dream I hope you can't sleep 
 And you scream about it; I hope your conscience eats at you 
 And you can't breathe without me 
 See, Slim—shut up, [bitch!] I'm tryin' to talk 
 Hey, Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin' in the trunk 
 But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see, I ain't like you 
 ‘Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more 
 And then she'll die too 
 Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now 
 Oh shoot, I forgot, how am I supposed to send this tape out?! 
  
 [Hook: Elton John] 
 My tea's gone cold 
 I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all 
 The morning rain clouds up my window 
 And I can't see at all 
 And even if I could it'd all be gray 
 But your picture on my wall 
 It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad 
  
 [Verse 4: Eminem] 
 Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner, but I just been busy 
 You said your girlfriend's pregnant now—how far along is she? 
 Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that 
 And here's an autograph 
 For your brother, I wrote it on a Starter cap 
 I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I must've missed you 
 Don't think I did that [shit] intentionally just to diss you 
 But what's this stuff you said about you like to cut your wrists too? I say that stuff just clownin' 
 Dawg, come on, how messed up is you? 
 You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counselin' 
 To help your ass from bouncin' 
 Off the walls when you get down some 
 And what's this junk about us meant to be together? 
 That type of crap'll make me not want us to meet each other 
 I really think you and your girlfriend need each other 
 Or maybe you just need to treat her better 
 I hope you get to read this letter 
 I just hope it reaches you in time 
 Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin' just fine 
 If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you 
 But Stan, why are you so mad? 
 Try to understand that I do want you as a fan 
 I just don't want you to do some crazy [shit] 
 I seen this one [shit] on the news 
 A couple weeks ago that made me sick 
 Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge 
 And had his girlfriend in the trunk 
 And she was pregnant with his kid 
 And in the car they found a tape 
 But they didn't say who it was to 
 Come to think about it, his name was… it was you, damnHand me an eighth, beam me up and land me in space 
 I'mma' sit on top of the world and spit on Brandy and Ma$e 
 I'm more than ill 
 Scarier than a white person trapped in a room with Lauryn Hill 
 Human horror film 
 But with a lot funnier plot, and people that feel me 
 Cause I'mma' still be the Madd Rapper 
 Whether I got money or not 
 As long as I'm on pills, and I got plenty of pot 
 I'll be in a canoe paddlin', makin' fun of your yacht 
 But I would like an award 
 For the best rapper to get one mic in The Source 
 And a wardrobe I can afford 
 Otherwise I might just end up back striking at Ford 
 And you wonder what the hell I need more Vicodin for? 
 Everybody's pissin' me off; even the No Limit Tank 
 Looks like a middle finger sideways flippin' me off 
 No wonder I'm a great danger to my health 
 Why else would I kill you then jump in a grave and bury myself? 
  
 Are you afraid of a blade made of a razor with AIDS 
 Blood dripping from it 
 Ripping your stomach up from the waist up? 
 You talk a lotta' junk but you was never ill though 
 I'm strong enough to beat you to death with a feather pillow 
 Tipped over some cows, just for a joke and a laugh 
 Jumped up, choked a giraffe 
 Snapped his neck and broke it in half 
 Waging wars, went on stage 
 And sprayed Cage with Agent Orange 
 And wiped my ass with his page in Source 
 The demon is here, I'm steaming this year 
 I rip Mystikal's voice box out and scream in his ear 
 It's not a gimmick trick; it's an image, I live it 
 Give a damn, I don't know what a damn is to give it 
 Man I don't think this guy is well, I'm high as hell 
 I'll beat you with a live cat when I'm swinging him by his tail 
 I'll friggin', I'll friggin', lay your nuts on the dresser 
 Just your nutsack by itself 
 And bang them stuffs with a spiked bat 
 Cut your neck off and glue your head right back 
 And leave you like that 
 You just triggered a prick who just mixed liquor 
 Who's itching to leave you disfigured 
 And stiffer than Chris-stiff-er Reeves 
 I was teething with strep throat 
 While your mother was breastfeeding 
 And gave her the flesh-eating disease 
 I'm iller than takin' a hammer and beating your knees 
 And walking through South Central L.A., bleeding in jeans 
 Flashing back to being shot and repeating the scenes 
 On how you just got smoked 
 And if you do live, you'll be too scared to tell it like a Biggie and Pac joke 
  
 The one man on the planet that'll drive off of the Grand Canyon, hop out of a Grand Am and land in it hand-standing 
 Any man planning to battle will get snatched outta his clothes 
 So fast it'll look like an invisible man standing 
 I'm headed for Hell, I'd rather be dead or in jail 
 Bill Clinton, hit this, and you better inhale 
 Cause any MC that chooses to go against me 
 Is getting taking advantage of like Monica Lewinsky 
 Came home in a frenzy, pushing a ten speed 
 Screaming to Aunt Peg with three spokes 
 Sticking outta my pant leg 
 Forget a headache, give me a migraine, dammit I like pain 
 And you should be anywhere that a mic ain't 
 You rap knowing you wack, you act up and I'm throwing you 
 Down a flight of steps then I'm throwing you back up them 
 If they don't like the track, f- them, the rap struck 'em harder 
 Than getting hit by a Mack truck and then backed up on 
 And any half-assed known rapper to trespass 
 Better be ready for the second Celebrity Deathmatch 
 So tell the medic to bring the medication and quickly 
 I'm sicker than a 2Pac dedication to Biggie 
 I'm free-falling feet first out of a damn tree 
 To stampede your chest 'til you can't breathe 
 And when I'm down to my last breath 
 I'mma' climb the Empire State Building 
 And get to the last step and still have half left[Maurice Grant] 
 The Shelter 
 Let me get up in this nigga like smashin' 
 With a red beam Johny blastin' 
 Evil is the rhyme assassin 
 Get a guy runnin', like haulin' ass 
 Bury you pink rabbits for askin' 
 Closed caption nigga don't say a word 
 When these flames get to burnin' up 
 Burnin' you down 
 Leavin' you ground tore up 
 From the pressure 
 Wanna frown 
 Don't want the nigga known pullin' triggers 
 Hoist this fool on my neck back-break this nigga 
  
 [B-Rabbit] 
 Yo 
 Check it out 
 Look, look 
 Yo, I gotta flow 
 I'm from the Mo, you ain't Detroit, hoe 
 Talkin' about seven mile, change your style 
 I read your bio, you're really from Ohio 
 I'm vile 
 This guy's so fuckin' fat I can't even see his eyes when he smiles 
 Yo, listen to this 
 Motherfuckin' rhyme, yo chicken, we can do this 
 As a matter of fact have another beer 
 I'll be right back, dawg, I'ma set the mic right here[Intro] 
 "Other man!" 
  
 I stand in slapped by the wind as I begin 
 Do you know who I am? And many reply with a grin 
 Yes, I'm tired of being obtruded 
 Why should I be secluded? I've got a brand new horn to be tooted 
 To sum it up in a nutshell, "Eminem will you kick it for me?" 
 So I find myself in a certain obligatory 
 A place that I dwell in, fell into some wonderful productions 
 To make up for lost time, and then it brings obstruction 
 Finally let loose, unloading the stockpile 
 A mental projectile, I aim at the reptile 
 I look to the one handed juggler and ask him this 
 "Why is it you insist upon stepping to an octopus?" 
 Is there a reason for this? The hindrance is aggravating 
 How many times will it take you before you realize you're fading? 
 Fading from existence, cause simulations are dead 
 There's so much more to learn and pages left to be read 
 So put up the front while you jam for the grammar that's poor 
 While I hold the scrapbook that's heavier than the hammer of the mighty Thor 
 Words can weigh a ton 
 Therefore it's never to fall into the hands of the wrong one 
  
 [Scratched samples] - "Yeah", "It's another 
  
 Very few have made an attempt to put in a foot on the other side 
 But I see no borderline, from under this colorblind 
 And some will probably never hold pieces of the sacred 
 But then I'm finally about to put an end to the hatred 
 Wrong, the world would never endure to arguing 
 Awaking to the absence of unity is startling 
 "Oh foolish pride, what the hell are you trying to do? 
 You cannot beat someone that's better than you so quit trying to" 
 Your echoing words that mean nothing are despicable 
 So how do you think you can manage to kick the unkickable 
 You're graceless, bland, you're tasteless and you're faceless faceless 
 Damn, you're dull it's time you faced this, here taste this 
 Straight from off of the pile, one of the numerous styles 
 The date of my birth on the Earth, the deliverance of a starchild 
 Blessed with formidable talent and versatility 
 But with such a power, there comes a responsibilty 
 To infringe on the boundaries, so now the defiance is clear 
 To form an alliance is something even the giants fear 
 So instead of being oblivious to the color of skin 
 Refusal of usin' is accepted now it's a trend 
  
 [Scratched samples] - "Yeah", "It's another..." 
  
 [Eminem] 
  
 You know I don't understand why we all just can't get along 
 You hate me but you know me and what I stand for 
 No. so then why do you speak for me 
 And every other white man when you that we're your enemy? 
  
 On the floor lies a broken door, cause I'm not to be spoken for 
 Stereotypes and superstitions and fictional folklore 
 Rarely do you see the lighter side of me 
 I try to be persuasive but also invasive and try to end the rivalry 
 But ? is isolated, apologies are exhausted 
 Feelings are turning glacial never to be defrosted 
 Who can I trust after repeatedly being shafted 
 Switch to the opposite, now scenes are being re-enacted 
 Pull up that boy by his roots, destroy him quick 
 His fracture's obviating, we hate him, his patterns past us, huh 
 Always fighting for the position of top dog 
 That spot's already occupied, and I don't play leapfrog 
 Cause I do not wish to fight over territory that's already mine 
 But I'm always having to prove myself, time after time 
 Oh how I never understand how a man could be outcast 
 Judged from the past and he's put last 
 And others with nothing to say 
 Stutterin' and slurrin' and mutterin' words with no meaning attack be signin' like Danny Kaye 
 Here I go again hammerin stammerin grammerin 
 And eat it like cheese, pass me the crackers please 
 I've got a craving[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Sandy Hook, Stoneman Douglas 
 Another lone-wolf gunman 
 Sometimes I don't know what this 
 World has come to, it's blowin' up 
 This whole country is goin' nuts 
 And the NRA is in our way 
 They're responsible for this whole production 
 They hold the strings to control the puppets 
 And they threaten to take away donor bucks 
 So they know the government won't do nothin' 
 And no one's budgin', gun owners' clutchin' 
 Their loaded weapons 
 They love their guns more than our children 
 Shh, I think another one just entered in our buildin' 
 And we'll be— 
  
 [Chorus: Kehlani] 
 Ashes blowin' in the air 
 Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah 
 Wasted youth, always on the road 
 Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old 
 'Cause the skies are black 
 But our heart's made of gold 
 Forget doin' what you're told 
 We're goin' nowhere fast 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I feel sorry for this beat, sympathy pains for this track 
 This road is takin' me back 
 Down memory lane with this rap 
 I can still look out in this crowd, be wowed and be taken aback 
 I'm simply stating a fact 
 I had Wembley Stadium packed 
 But now we're on a path headed to nowhere and fast 
 Another terrorist attacks 
 Like a tariff blows half of Madison Square up, alas 
 We perish in the blast 
 But that isn't scaring us, we pass 
 Nowhere we're fearless, 'cause we're just— 
  
 [Chorus: Kehlani & Eminem] 
 Ashes blowin' in the air 
 Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah 
 (We don't give a… no, no) 
 Wasted youth, always on the road 
 Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old 
 The skies are black, but our heart's made of gold (golden) 
 Forget doin' what you're told (what we're told) 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Fuck doin' what you're told, act like a two-year-old 
 [Shit] is soon to go kaboom and blow 
 Anyways; for MC's it's a funeral 
 When I'm devisin' this rhyme 
 'Cause I'm awake and you're mourning 
 That's why I rise and I shine 
 Like a new day has dawned on me 
 Gusto, guts, bravado 
 Nuts and plus I kick up dust and cuss a lot 
 I musta got you in somewhat of a debacle 
 'Cause some stuff that's awful 
 Really don't mean nothin' although 
 There's a lot of [shit] I said in jest that's tough to swallow 
 But if at times my heart it seems 
 Like it's in the wrong place, it's probably 'cause it's on my sleeve 
 Keanu Reeves speed of life, avoid or veer 
 Or just steer toward it, we're only lookin' forward 
 But where we're goin' we have no idea 
 Nowhere to go, but hysterical, it's gettin' warm in here 
 I set the world on fire, was born to be an arsonist 
 Just one spark and it's lit 
 But I'ma still get dark on this [shit] 
 Told you I'd leave my mark on this [bitch]—war machine 
 But you forced me in a corner 
 I'm sure to have somethin' for your rear 
 And in the course of the assault as torture gets more severe 
 Go to war with me, you'll end up blew to Timbuktu 
 I send at you a ten-ton nuke like Kim Jong-Un 
 And end up ruinin' your career 
 But when all is said and done 
 And at the end of my run, I'll just rewind clocks, forever young 
 Make time stop, will I ever fall off? That day will never come 
 'Til the pine box, [bitch, fuck you!] I'm better than I ever was 
 'Til the bomb drops, hope it never does 
 But I'm not gonna sweat it 'cause 
 This world's screwed, it's already [fucked] 
 And I'm on top, so everyone's just— 
  
 [Chorus: Kehlani & Eminem] 
 Ashes blowin' in the air (so we're…) 
 Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah 
 (We don't give a… no, no) 
 Wasted youth, always on the road 
 We're never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old 
 The skies are black, but our heart's made of gold (golden) 
 Forget doin' what you're told (what we're told) 
 Hands up! 
  
 [Post-Chorus: Kehlani] 
 'Cause we're goin' no, goin' no 
 Goin' no, goin' no, goin' no 
 Goin' nowhere 
  
 [Bridge: Eminem] 
 You can't tell us nothin' 
 Hard-headed and we're stubborn 
 So, one ear and out the other 
 When we're young, we're young 
 Who knows what the future for us could hold 
 Another shooter? Uh oh 
 No more tomorrows, we're done 
 And all we are is— 
  
 [Chorus: Kehlani & & Eminem] 
 Ashes blowin' in the air (so we're…) 
 Our world's on fire, but we don't care (don't care, yeah) 
 (We don't give a… no, no) 
 Wasted youth, always on the road 
 Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old 
 The skies are black, but our heart's made of gold (golden) 
 Forget doin' what you're told (what we're told) 
 We're goin' nowhere 
  
 [Post-Chorus: Kehlani] 
 Goin' nowhere 
 We're goin' nowhere fast[Intro Proof] – 
 Shady records, ain’t nobody better than us 
 Shady records, more cheddar than us 
 Shady records, ain’t nobody better than us 
 Shady records… 
  
 [Eminem] 
 I done figured this rap shit out, I map shit out strategically 
 Timing is everything, and it seems to be the key 
 To my success, I merked for me repeatedly 
 (GreenLantern) “The evil genius” 
 We done be, to beat MC’s 
 Timing is everything, and it seems to be the key 
 Let 'em diss you first and respond immediately 
 In order to master, the art of war, don't start a war 
 Shit, not no more; we done scared 'em off, there are no more 
 Victims to sick; I'm fixin' to pick some and start shit 
 Ain’t got no pictures to rip and shit to throw darts at 
 Ain't got no more targets, shit, Irv and Jeff 
 We done beat 'em to death, Benzino in debt 
 There seems to just be no one left to bully; Bush is pussy 
 Why the fuck you think his name's Bush? Puss is bushy! 
 Ain't shit going on, shit, I've been getting so bored lately 
 I'm thinking of doing some shit to get you to go and hate me again 
 Tell the truth, I liked the shit better then, shit, I could spit better 
 I'm 'bout to kick this sick shit again, look: 
 The game just ain't the same, it's changing 
 Shit, Dre is quitting, Jay is quitting, now it's just wankstas 
 Just saying the same shit, it's fake and it's ancient 
 And It's making me so bored I'mma just make a new language 
 Fubba-u-cubba-kubba yubba obubba ubba 
 You-ba can subbabick my dadibbadick through a tuba! 
 Summa dumma lamma I'm not a human, I'm a suicidal supersonic 
 Suicidal Unabomber 
 You think I'm the new Osama, press thinks I'm the new Madonna 
 Jeffrey Dahmer left me with this legacy to carry on 
 A lot of talk and rumors on us, who's the hottest? To be honest 
 Hip hop ain't been the same since 2Pac moved to Cuba on us 
 [Outro Konartist] – Shaddy records, they ain’t better than us 
 Shaddy records, they ain’t making more cheddar than us 
 Shaddy records, they ain’t better than us 
 Shaddy records, muthafuckas more cheddar than us[B-Rabbit] 
 ... 
  
 [Supa Emcee] 
 Hey yo, What up, trailer trash! 
  
 Yo Future, how'd you get whitey to battle the Savior 
 That's like Darth Vader battling Obey Taylor 
 You can't mess around with the horror 
 I grab the mic and Ima murder you, now you'll die tomorrow! 
 You can't kick with the lyrics I spit 
 I blow your head off and leave you dying in your blood, you bitch! 
 You still a trick and a hoe and Ima roll 
 I fucked your mama; she's a prostitute bro! 
 You thinking you white, but you ain't light 
 Ima murder you in the gang again, and blast you in de night! 
 Im still ill, I'm still for real with Ken Loraine; 
 I got a gun on your boy, Ima blow out his brain! 
 You run with a bunch of whack faggots 
 Ima eat out your meat like I'm in your body; I'm a maggot! 
 And yo matter of fact, you gettin' played 
 You ain't nothing but a white-boy dying of fucking aids![Hook] 
 So, Just call me Richard, cause I'm a dick 
 It's also Richard cause I feel like you should 
 Pry your fucking mouth up off of it 
 I said just call me Richard, cause I'm a dick 
 You ain't gotta be no detective to figure out I'm a dick 
 When I hold my privates to your first clue, Sherlock, prick! 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 And I would like to introduce myse-self, surprise! Hi, it's Ike 
 'bout to get my Ike on I come with a life supply of wife beaters 
 And my Nikes on and a white tee over that iron mic 
 Lookin' fly tonight, feel like I might die from a spider bite 
 Come back as Spider-Man, park my Peter inside a dyke 
 Bitch actin' like she got fuckin' higher standards than Meijer's, right 
 Had to pry her fingers off the mothafuckin' Breyer's ice cream 
 With the pliers, like "Ahh!" only a ruthless bastard would do this 
 Take a toothless bitch with no taste buds to Ruth's Chris 
 Give her toothpicks, stop on the way home, pick up two Big Bufords 
 Scrupulous, girl, you got a nice pair, but you're plumb stupid! 
 So when I pull up in that Benz, don't try to pretend you ain't interested 
 To impress your stupid ass friends and refuse to get in woman 
 And get slammed on the ground and snap like a pool stick against cement 
 If you sick of dick, pretend it's a musical instrument 
 You get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 I can tell at first glance you're a ho cause your pants are so tight 
 When you dance with O. Trice, your implants explode 
 So cold to dykes, the chance is snow in San Francisco 
 Boy I'm from Detroit city, you live in animosity 
 That's a fucked up state to be in, such an atrocity 
 Look where these random thoughts get me in senseless mind babble 
 "What me? Apologize?" That's just the way the rhyme unravels 
 And I wouldn't fucking take it back if I time traveled! 
  
 [Hook] 
 So, Just call me Richard, cause I'm a dick 
 It's also Richard cause I feel like you should 
 Pry your fucking mouth up off of it 
 I said just call me Richard, cause I'm a dick 
 You ain't gotta be no detective to figure out I'm a dick 
 When I hold my privates to your first clue, Sherlock, prick! 
 Just call me Richard[Intro] 
 Slim motherfuckin' Shady... alright! 
 Missy Elliott, Timbo, c'mon, yo! 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I'm homicidal, and suicidal, with no friends 
 Holding a gun with no handles, just a barrel at both ends 
 Sprayin' tecs at you 
 Until you see your fuckin' legs 
 With the bullet holes and the exit wounds layin' next to you 
 Fuckin' mad dog, foamin' out the mouth 
 Fuck mouth, my whole house is foamin' out the couch 
 Jumped out of the 93rd floor of a buildin' 
 And shot every window out on the way down to the ground (Keep filmin'!) 
 Woke up to a hospital staff 
 Got up and laughed 
 Chopped 'em in half 
 And suffocated your oxygen mask 
 Shit, if I get any higher 
 I'm a get the East and West beefin' again 
 Fly back to Detroit and stand in the crossfire 
  
 [Interlude] 
 Ken Kaniff: Oh fuck, oh shit 
 Ken Kaniff: I got the hotel room ready 
 Ken Kaniff: What time are you getting off, work 
 (Ken Kaniff: Or shall I say) Eminem: Aight, yo, yo, yo one more time, yo 
 (Ken Kaniff: What time are you comin' home) 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Yo, yo, I'm only smilin' when I'm violent 
 Got on the plane wildin' 
 Told the pilot to fly me to Tylenol Island 
 Stewardess like, "You restless?" 
 "Nah, bitch, I'm restful, so hold this fuckin' jet still so I can eat these pretzels" 
 Forget school 
 The other kids are disrespectful 
 They hold me down and play connect-the-dots with my freckles 
 I can't take it 
 I'm tryin' to gain weight 
 So I eat steak 
 And swallow the whole plate 
 And weigh myself, naked 
 Put out albums 
 To teach kids family values 
 'Cause every mom and dad should allow you to pop valiums 
 And never hit someone unless you got a reason 
 And if there ain't a reason 
 Make one up, then start swingin'It’s not about lyrics anymore, it’s about a hot beat and a catchy hook 
  
 [Eminem] 
 If we gotta dumb down our style and ABC it 
 Then so be it 
 Cause nowadays these kids, jeez 
 Don’t give a shit bout lyrics 
 All they wanna hear is a beat and thats it 
 Long as they can go to the club and get blitzed 
 Pick up some chicks and get some digits 
 And the DJ’s playing them hits 
 Oh this my jam, this my shit 
 We dont know a word to a verse 
 All we know is the chorus 
 Cause the chorus repeats the same four words for us 
 And the songs ginormous, the whole formula’s switched 
 Cause we don’t know anymore, what are hits 
 Is it the beat, is it the rap 
 Is it a finger snap or the same 808 clap 
 And how do we adapt and get TRL votes 
 When 13 year olds control the remote 
 And Ashley’s got a brand new nose 
 We gotta put some new em-phasis on our syllables 
  
 [Jay-Z] 
 If the emphasis on the compact disc isn’t the beat 
 Than I’m gon feature EM and get rich 
 And let Dre mix the shit and drive off in the Range Rove 
 Cause everywhere I go they love the bling bling flow 
 Bang bang look at the way my chain glow 
 The ring on my fing’ cost ya man lot of dough, oh 
 The fuck am I busting my brain for? 
 Its just the way the game go, oh, it takes two to tango 
 You call this a lame flow 
 You bought the shit 
 I guess you to blame too 
 I just found the angle 
 No more reality flow 
 I’m tryna time my album dropping with a reality show 
 Cock the Mac 11 in front of Hot 97 
 And call my publicist tell her “we in press heaven” 
 No one gives a shit except some kids who just got into sex on the internet 
 So you want the chat room or the house of Malibu Em? 
 Your emphasis is on the wrong Syllable 
  
 [Dr Dre] 
 They said 30′s the new 20 
 Funny, must mean 40′s the new 30 
 Interesting cause ever since then it’s been in a sense 
 An extension for veteran rappers that are better than half 
 Of the shit coming out right now 
 Its all trash 
 The torch is gonna burn out before it gets passed 
 Jay said it’s his last and 50 and Em 
 Then what? Detox drops what we got then 
 So now our whole camps is running around scrambling over what to do 
 Gambling everytime we put a record out 
 Just looking for that hook 
  
 [Eminem] 
 (Wait Dre look) 
 Shorty I love you 
 And you love me too 
 We were meant to be cause shorty 
 You love me 
 And I love you too 
 And I promise I’ll be true to you 
  
 [50 Cent] 
 Go shorty, its your birthday 
 You made it just in time to hear my wordplay 
 Its the kid that flip flows who used to flip O’s 
 And run G for days used to see how I get hoes 
 I’m international, I get my dick licked round the globe 
 I’m sick right into show, riding on lolo’s 
 Puffing on coco, my bitch in Manolo’s 
 Don’t fuck with the dodo’s, I sling for dumb hoes 
 I playing, I ain't got time to joke, joke 
 You fuck around, you could get your ass smoked 
 Look, its not a game, me B, I ain't playing 
 Beep behind me player, so you here anyway 
 You don’t hear what I’m saying 
 Me fin-nini-na 
 Fee-fi-dididee-yay 
 Just give me my check and I’ll be on my way 
 Sunny bunny money and funny 
 You ain't even listening and I just took your money 
  
 [GR Lynch] 
 This ain't top 40 or hit list shit 
 Not for TRL, no Rick Dees' picks 
 This is straight GRL ski mix bitch 
 Call me Strasburg when I pitch this shit 
 I leave these other rappers so tongue-tied 
 They just local, GR's worldwide 
 You sound like cabbage, ya wilted outside 
 I spit tomatoes straight from the vine 
 Leave these other artists lookin all sundried 
 A bunch of little stains, to them I'm Tide 
 Keep a stain stick in my Subaru ride 
 Glass all black can't see us igniting 
 Paint white out like you fucked up writing 
 Mount baker bout to get a boost in style 
 In the parking lot they can't help but smile 
 Ma'am please cover the eyes of your child 
 Gunz come out you know bumpin 50 
 Subie 2 shes covered with bitties 
 Snowpants blue like the sign for thrifty 
 So baggy what are those a fuckin size 60? 
 Burrito legs bitch, call me big shitty           
             Lyrics for this song have yet to be released. Please check back once the song has been released. 
            
         [Mr. Porter] 
 Welcome to the ill world of Mr. P yo 
 Hey keep the talk B 
 I'm tryna see dough 
 If it ain't about bread then what we gon 
  
  
 [Intro] 
 I'm like a white Michael, Vick 
 Psycho enough to stick Michael J Fox in a microwave with a rock 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I might like a little Alize with a side of NyQuil and ride a motorcycle bike right through the side of my high school 
  
 Satan's disciple with a sniper rifle and a knife in a white diaper liable the shit on you while I snipe you 
  
 So dope begits of opiates, what an appropriate way to start off his day, he may just smart off to Dre 
  
 He may be hard to contain cause his rages so hard to gauge. See Hannibal ate his face and made Jason gnaw off his leg 
  
 Amazing hard-on for razors and blades and anything sharp, even poisonous darts it all plays a major part of his game 
  
 Holy water won't ward him off, crucifixes won't do the trick he's so sick it's ridiculous saw the crazy part off his brain and he's still insane, why is there blood stains on his carpet mane? 
 It's some crazy shit going on in Shady's apartment again 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 News flash I'm still trash, them pills should have killed my ass but they didn't they just made me stronger 
 It's like they rebuilt my ass, like the six-million dollar man after the crash, it's Aftermath, bitch in my milk glass it's still half empty 
 Yeah tempt me, hell isn't enough they need to invent somewhere new to send me. As sick as I'm getting they'll stick me in a conventional oven with the rotisserie setting and won't even notice me sweating- 
 Shit, I done laid a verse, said some foul shit tried to go back fix it fucked around and just made it worse 
 Yeah I'm back, lookin' no worse for wear, got these faggots mad enough to rip out their hair and start punching the air 
 Panties so in a bunch that they can't function, it's Shady and Royce yeah, fuck what a dysfunctional pair 
 So stop acting like a punk get a pair, take a pill and fall the fuck out spill your lunch in the chair 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I'll do a hundred yard dash 
 Just to slash Kim Kardash 
 In the ass with a shard of glass from nick hogans car crash 
 You'll end up like the passenger of that, don't be a smartass 
 Yeah laugh when you sit there thinkin that the hard part passed 
 You haven't seen pain till leatherface flips mane I'll cut your fucking balls off homie my saws off the chain, I chop the bitch in half with it, sawed off her legs and the top half of her torso fucking crawled off insane 
 I ain't seen shit like that since I went to mike jacks took the Elephant Man's Skull, fucked it and put it right back, handed my dick to Bubbles while he sucked it and licked my nut sack, can't even reach around while I fucked him right in his butt crack 
  
 [Outro] 
 Nah, I ain't takin it back faggot fuck that, I give a fuck about nothin so here's where you fucked up at, don't go touching that can man you don't wanna open up that wait ahh Alchemist, cut that[Verse 1: Stat Quo] 
 I boss how I live 
 Fuck 'em hoe 
 God meant me 
 To push Bentleys 
 The Stat Quo 
 Still slammin' 'lac doors 
 This squad 'ill blow your brain out 
 Half-crazy 
 Bustin' out the window 
 Aight cut it, cook it, bag it 
 Distribute it through the city 
 Home get that cabbage 
 Take it, flip it 
 Turn illegal to legal 
 Launder, stay grindin' 
 Keepin' ya business on the under 
 Humble moves come up 
 Cops run up 
 But most of them corrupt 
 So what? 
 They want they cut 
 So pay 'em 
 All those who oppose the squad 
 Spray 'em 
 Got goons with MACs 
 Who kill for scratch 
 Okay I'm 
 One quick trip 'ill 
 And get you filled with gas 
 Broad day and niggas 'ill kill you 
 Without the mask 
 I'm getting bank 
 Like I'm shooting it from off the glass 
 Signed with Shady-Aftermath 
 Cause I'm after cash 
 Biatch 
  
 [Verse 2: Swift] 
 The way it go 
 Just heard my dog 
 Stat Quo flow 
 Ha, ya heard what he had to say 
 Use the words Swifty McVay 
 I'm ill enough to shoot a nigga through his pager 
 And if I missed 
 The shit's going exactly through his neighbor 
 My behavior's 
 Fatal enough to faint niggas 
 Old age and cradle 
 I shoot from unexpected angles 
 I changed ya facials 
 I could have you niggas hugging an angel 
 Literally 
 Niggas be crazy 
 I'm misery, breaking both of ya ankles 
 I diminish mentally 
 I turn you into a mimic of Kennedy 
 I don't go to sleep 'till I murder motherfuckers in trilogies 
 I recruit enemies 
 Friends ain't shit 
 They take yo ends and split 
 Willingly 
 What kind of shit got a nigga faking the funk 
 Dressed like George Clinton 
 But you hoes ain't making a buck 
 You out and about 
 With yo face frostbit 
 With a hustlin' mouth 
 But you really full of brussels sprouts 
 Husband or spouse 
 Your generation's running out 
 Because my gun's in ya mouth 
 Penetration coming (cumming) fast 
 We won, you lost 
 You got a witness program 
 Move out cold then John Walsh 
 Wild 
 And this the way we do 
 Emzy, Imma pass it to you 
 So what ya wanna do? 
  
 [Pre-Verse: Eminem] 
 What I wanna do? What I wanna do? 
 Let me see right here, yo 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Not many people that I label would be able 
 To display table manners, but our plan is 
 To make this beat rock like scanners and make the fans just 
 Go bananas, yo, get our planners 
 That means our nuts for the sluts who don't under- 
 Stand this, yo, my plan is, yeah right 
 And y'all gon' stand there and act like you don't understand it 
 Like my name is Janet, my titty fell out and I ain't plan it 
 Yo, check this—check this out 
 And if you rocking with ya necklace out, that's my breakfast now 
 I'mma snatch it, yo, my style is wretched 
 You can't fetch it, no you can't stretch it 
 And yo, it doesn't really matter 
 Cause ya name I can't even pronunciate, you the— 
 Same type of mo'fucker to go and sucker 
 Punch Dre at the Vibe Awards, but he right behind the boards 
 The next day, so kiss an ass 
 Or kiss a dick, lick a dick, eat my ass 
 Whatever you won' do it's on you 
 Big Proof coming through with the mo— 
  
 [Verse 4: Proof] 
 Y'all niggas sing 
 Y'all done came to the Nina Ross war 
 Ya homie's a killa 
 But my killas they cost more 
 It's all inherited 
 I was boss born 
 Put eighteen in ya flesh 
 And make ya chest a golf course 
 Niggas know that we ain't even 
 You know why 
 (gasps) I'm still breathin' 
 Yeah I got that real heathen 
 With them steel beams on 'em 
 Through ya dreams on 'em 
 Like I'm still a fiend 
 Noted for mics 
 It's only right 
 You see my real team, brody 
 I do it live 
 I was sippin' on some cream soda 
 Heave phony 
 Fuck this back and forth 
 This ain't a tennis meet 
 I spray you industry gangstas 
 Cause they ain't in the streets 
 It's cool to beef 
 But why? 
 'Till you truce with or you trust me 
 I told you Puffy 
 And you can lose Big (B.I.G.) 
 I'm Proof 
 Who you could do big things with us 
 Spit dope 
 They call me Rick James bitch 
 Clip-clack 
 Bang-hit 
 Bang-drip 
 Drip fang of blood 
 Drip, drip, drank when sirens cop came 
 Body bag thick 
 Body bag, zip-zip 
 That's it 
 Fuck you bitch 
  
 [Stat Quo] 
 Down a dark street 
 It's the dirty Stat Quo 
 Lord have mercy 
 Breathe, hello I'm 'bout my cheese 
 The steez, mellow 
 Cash in the bank 
 On my grind in the paint 
 Oh, look how I do live with my boy Westwood 
 Up to no good 
 Smoking that good shit 
 See how I ball 
 Handle, handle my business 
 Eminem, Swift, P, Stat Quo that's it 
 Back on the track 
 Green Lantern done switched the beat 
 I'm guaranteed to my thang and drop the heat 
 My man Zeke is in the corner with him 
 Boss Hog, A-town, yes I be them 
 Do what I do freestyle, top of the dome 
 Don't fuck with my click 
 Leave Doc Dre alone 
 If I see you out the wars 
 Imma stab yo' ass 
 Whoop yo' ass 
 Ya fuck with me 
 I make ya handicap 
 And I pass the mic to my man Swifty 
 McVay he don't play 
  
 [Swift] 
 I'm Swifty McVay 
 Ya bastard out the blue 
 I'm hazard 
 I even haunt spirits that's after you 
 I'm cancerous with no answer 
 Pharmaceutic, I turn you allergic to being human 
 It ain't new 
 It's what I do when I'm feudin' 
 A sick nuisance 
 I have ya had 
 Until motherfuckers lookin' like Rick Rubin 
 What do you do to fools that think that they can take laughs? 
 Their face get sliced 
 And that's what's up 
 I inherit the power of all the rappers 
 I gotta be like Kruger 
 All them niggas bodies are coming out of me 
 I usually pack a Ruger 
 Now I see that I can be successful 
 By bruisin' yo chest 
 Without a thing 
 A professional 
 I'm a king that slaughtered kings 
 Exceptional, genetically raised by wolverines nigga 
 I give a fuck on what niggas seen 
 I'll send a fiend to pitifully raise you 
 And then convene bitch 
 That's what we do 
 Our crew D12 
 Rapping nigga 
 In take the Nina off the shelf 
 And I'm hazard for ya health 
 Like I said before 
 The type to walk the streets 
 And the five-o ignore 
 Me when they see me 
 Dog, I'll burn you like VD 
 And that's the way we be 
 Fuck you! 
  
 [Tim Westwood] 
 Easy, easy 
 I'm trying to hold a job down here 
 Yeah, yeah 
 I apologize if anyone's offended 
 You know tune out go to something else 
 Come back later 
 It's going down 
 It's real hip-hop 
 There's gonna be some swear words 
 Be prepared 
 Change the station if you ain't built 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Aftermath in the house now 
 Get yo' fricking mouth stabbed out 
 Y'all get so mad 
 Get so livid 
 Looking for dap from anyone who would give it 
 Now how you gon' value 
 Someone else's opinion 
 Cause you selfish 
 I'm rap's Elvis 
 Everybody try to grab the helm-ets and they hardhats 
 Run and duck for cover 
 Yo, fuck ya mother 
 What the fuck are ya? 
 Yo, I'm sprayin' 
 While I'm playin' 
 I ain't playin' 
 I'm sprayin' at your feet 
 Like hey Imma cock the hand 
 Imma pull my cock out 
 Outta my pajamas 
 And cock back the cock 
 Like it's chicken 
 Yo, check it out 
 The clock is ticking 
 It's countdown to Armageddon 
 And there's nothing you can do to stop it 
 Put your arm or head in 
 Or put a pen in it 
 But once the grenade pin is pulled 
 It's nothing you could do 
 But end up in the hospital 
 Yeah, yeah 
 Hospital, pital, 'spitals 
 End up in the 'spital 
 And y'all can eat my tender vittles 
 I don't really give a fudge 
 Fudge, fudge-packers 
 Is what y'all are 
 And y'all get smacked up 
 At the awards show 
 However you want it to go 
 We can make it go either way 
 Biatch 
 That's itch-bay backwards 
 F around and smack turds 
 They told us not to use no cuss words 
 So we gon' not use cuss words 
 And say busters instead 
 Have you all bleeding red 
 Damn, right out of yo' head 
 That's what I said 
 And my name ain't Fred 
 My name ain't special ed 
 And it ain't my birthday 
 But Proof can get on the mic in the worst way 
 And I don't even have to curse to say 
  
 [Proof] 
 Proof's a wolf 
 Grab ya pooper-scooper 
 Follow me 
 I fight to the death 
 Like Apollo Creed 
 I only hang with bitches that swallow seeds 
 Air Force Ones not Wallabees 
 Hollow tease 
 I be, rushin' colonies 
 I'm known by all blacks in hoods 
 Like collard greens 
 Last of a dyin' breed 
 Old school like Model Ts 
 When I ride on my rivalries 
 Like 2Pac writ 
 Put you in the I.C.U 
 With no eye sockets 
 More than five shots spit 
 So you can die hot bitch 
 It's only one topic 
 I need profit 
 Fuck the gossip 
 Harry the hype-writer 
 The night lighter 
 The only thing higher than Proof 
 Nigga is my lighter 
 I'm watchin' you fly niggas crash 
 Like Al-Qaeda 
 Crime fighter 
 Guess I rhyme by the mind tighter 
 Than the World Trade 
 Bit the jaws 
 Like Jay Dee 
 I put my fucking dick to broads 
 Broads, dog that's down on all fours 
 Of course I'm down to get yours 
 How come my niggas stop cold 
 When they heard capsule? 
 The rap flow is good 
 And they say that we fatsos 
 They gotta be this way 
 And we catch 'em with lassos 
 And how they feel about that? 
 Cause we breaking they cash flow 
 My niggas tell me right there 
 I ain't got no time 
 So know why fool 
 Dropped outta high school 
 Cause Slim said so 
 Now I'm back in this bitch 
 And I'm 'bout to ride this bitch 
 And this motherfucker rockin' 
 For Tim, asshole 
 I gotta do this shit right 
 Now Swift is on my left 
 So it's the way it is 
 Cause Shady in here 
 I'm 'bout to tell you niggas right now 
 Green is on the turntable 
 Why not do this shit daily, all year 
  
 [Stat Quo] 
 Hey doll, cheer 
 It's a grown man record 
 You don't want the pressure 
 This a grown man lecture 
 Sittin' on the dresser 
 Be a grown man bitch to her 
 Underneath my seat's a grown weather here 
 Peepin' my packer 
 He got grown man cheddar 
 Wheels, ransom notes, and checks 
 Are all grown letters 
 Hey doll, chill 
 Sit back relax, as I handle by biz 
 Green Lantern on the scratch 
 Attack the track wrong 
 Stat Quo doing his thing 
 The European awards was yesterday 
 Em won 
 Took the award home 
 D12, ya know what I mean 
 Shawty, be grown 
 Handle my business home 
 Doing my thing 
 Home alone 
 But not Macaulay Culkin 
 Stat Quo be the champion 
 Icon winner 
 Eat niggas like dinner 
 Me and Westwood, handlin' our beeswax 
 Green Lantern on the track 
 Doc Dre did it long time ago 
 Like this and like that 
 And uh 
 I'm motherfucking beast 
 Man uh 
 Pass it to Swifty Mc-V 
 And ain't no flick 
 To hear what my be sayin' 
  
 [Swift] 
 One-two, three to the four 
 Swifty with the four-four 
 Process of elimination is always complete 
 When I hit the streets 
 I wanna see who the biggest G 
 Hennessy don't do nothing but give you lumps 
 When you speakin' on us 
 Disrespect you be eatin' a bottle drunk 
 Turning you niggas all to monks 
 Red dots amongst ya foreheads 
 You get punctured once 
 Slump cowards with Ninas bitch 
 I mean it, how ya leanin' 
 Like the Tower of Pisa 
 Faces lookin' like pizzas 
 An animal instinct 
 I eat ya with cannibalistic procedures 
 Adam's apple some womens' fetuses 
 Me is just like special nature 
 I messed up, slurring my words off the liquor 
 And yes I hate to 
 See ya wack emcees 
 Step inside my face 
 And ya know my fo-fo (four-four) will clear the place 
 Ya runnin', I'm gunnin' 
 I'm stunnin' and it's fun when it happens 
 Especially when I'm rapping 
 I give dap to brothers I'm cool with 
 But yo know 
 You can't mess around with Swift 
 Ya just cool whip 
 Ya soft and ya sweeter than sugar 
 Dog, I'm just that type of nigga 
 That 'ill walk up on ya 
 Leave ya in a bed of blood 
 Huh, if ya tryna fuck with us 
 He said don't cuss 
 But I couldn't help it 
 I take my belt off whip ya wit'  it 
 Because I'm selfish 
 So I, just do the things I do 
 I freestyle for you 
 Then I pass it to my crew 
 Then they pass it back 
 And if ya wack 
 Then get slapped 
 For that type of 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Acid rap 
 Yeah and that's a fact 
 Slim Shady's back 
 Got eighty ladies layin' on they back 
 Yo, but I'm a mack 
 I'm a little nuts for Brittany 
 Little to sane for Whitney 
 Tell you the truth 
 Yo, Bobby would prolly get me 
 Catch me in the lobby 
 After he just hit me 
 After he sniffed three lines 
 He'd prolly knock out Fifty 
 He could prolly lift up both of us 
 And spin us both on both fingers like donuts 
 Yo, I party hard 
 But for real, I want Bobby Brown as my bodyguard 
 And that's for real 
 And that's the deal 
 Cause we got mass appeal 
 And I don't think that they can really take it 
 Cause I always let my nuts hang 
 Like I was doing push-ups naked 
 That's what I do 
 Is drink the Alizé and 
 Then I pass it to my man Proof and 
 Then we start goofin' around 
 And start spoofin' 
 Everybody, yo we in the party 
 And we could rock the party 
 And we could get it started 
 And if ya smell like (sniff) 
 Somebody farted 
 Or we can 
 We can do the Mardi Gardy 
 We could party harder 
 We could get started 
 What you wanna do 
 Proof, it's on you 
  
 [Proof] 
 It's on me 
 Might take it to the hip, homie 
  
 It's like Shady and Aftermath 
 We after cash 
 You want it 
 We gon' blast ya ass 
 (4x) 
  
 And listen, ya need to quit it dog 
 Cause Proof is low to the ground 
 Like midget balls 
 With them bridges falls 
 I lock ya ass up on the game 
 And I visit all 
 And it's like they signed 
 They said they did it all 
 Because they breeches small 
 But Imma tell you 
 In the likeness of the great 2Pac 
 I'm hot 
 And I'm fatter then Biggie Smalls 
 All y'all, need to recognize 
 Cause where I come from 
 It's still the East side 
 Over there by Dresden 
 Where we make their heads spin 
 Back then the back, ten 
 Make his ass backspin 
 This action of crack-skin 
 Nigga, I eat more Vicodin 
 Than the dots that's on the Pac-Man, board 
 Oh Lord 
 Give me my sword 
 On top of that 
 The freestyles I got you can't afford 
 But they free 
 Yo, they only cost attention 
 And did I mention 
 I'm a boss with henchmen 
 I send niggas to get ya 
 Yo, it's easy to do 
 How ya feel about this 
 Yo, the piece of the Proof 
 The piece of the clue 
 The pieces ya need 
 The pieces I got 
 On top of that my freestyle 
 Never stutter 
 My words are butter-rock 
 Like the niggas feel about us 
 I say precise 
 Nigga feel fucked up like D-Nice, did 
 For getting Scott La Rock slain 
 I rock 'caine and rock brains 
 Back in the day, when ya block came 
 Get ya block slain 
 Ya hood aborted 
 How I feel when they all get shortened 
 Haha 
 And I tell ya like this 
 Ya missing the ending 
 I lift ya whole hood 
 Like I'm fixing ya engine 
 Nigga, come on 
  
 [Stat Quo] 
 I keep my brim tilted 
 And tracked, I killed it 
 Atlanta, my city 
 I built it 
 Watch this 
 Young beast bob and weave 
 Young Stata (Status) make it hard to breathe 
 Please believe 
 I ball for cheese 
 Survival of the fittest 
 One of the trillest ever 
 Bow down, he severe 
 Finna lock the market 
 Marshall and Dre don' linked up 
 With the boy from the A 
 I am chillaxin' 
 Fine linen in my fashion 
 Bump yo' questions 
 Why you askin', anythang? 
 Niggas wanna know what I'm on 
 Riding on my enemies 
 Getting them gon' huh 
 A crime businesses 
 And you need homes 
 Something I can flip to increase my grip 
 Yo, why they on my dick? 
 Ride ya own lane 
 I gotta handle 
 Trust me lil' man 
 Ya need a little change 
 Here's for starters 
 I show ya how to come up 
 Work on martyr 
 Launder ya cheese 
 Do cash and beauty parlors 
 Hustle smarter 
 Green got me, haha 
 Green got me 
 Imma kill you Green 
  
 [Swift] 
 To me it's like second nature 
 I treat murders like a recreation 
 And these niggas steadily changing 
 They laughs like Mason 
 T.D. Jakes and all of these fake gangstas 
 They all be awaking 
 Because McVay can put a date on you homes 
 I'll engrave in ya tombstone 
 With urination 
 Now your whole funeral soon blown 
 Communication are for fools who be wasting time 
 Contemplating on making up 
 I ain't that guy 
 A grudge holder 
 I used to shove boulder in the counsel of my Aurora 
 Get caught and tell 'em it's yours 
 I can leave each one of ya body parts 
 Stranded in the middle of different forests 
 Having police ignore the shit 
 Niggas get hung like ornaments 
 While they hanging they trees 
 They get bombed like Vietnamese 
 In '46 or whatever year it was 
 I gotta buzz 
 And murdering you is all I love 
 This is Swifty McVay 
 I ain't by myself 
 I got Em, Proof, and Stat that be hot 
 And D12 is over, D12 is over here 
 And yo' death is near 
 And that's what's up 
  
 [Eminem] 
 That's what's up 
 Pass this cup 
 And then we blast you up 
 Freestyle right off the massive truck 
 We got truckloads 
 And uff, no 
 Cuff no and spin it backwards 
 And play it back later 
 Cause all y'all haters rockin' gators 
 Alligators, we see ya later 
 We ain't player haters 
 But yo check it out 
 We rockin' in our Navigators 
 And we can sit back 
 And we can stretch, we can check 
 Trek, I mean catch, anything 
 And we can fetch 
 I'm slurring a little bit 
 But during the part that I was doing 
 The urination, upon that girl and 
 Wait a minute, I ain't goin' 
 There with my rap 
 I ain't tryin' to be starting no crap 
 But yo, I be flowin' 
 With the stuff and I be knowin' 
 That when I start raking out them leaves 
 I be hoein' 
 And that's six in the mornin' 
 And we can do it 
 We can get it on until the crack of dawn and 
 We can get it on with Tim Westwood 
 We can do whatever you want 
 Bring ya best cause 
 We do what we want to do 
 On this microphone 
 Cause we ought to know 
 Or ought to inform you 
 That we get warm too warm 
 Sometimes we too hot to 
 Not to spit this ish 
 Spit it backwards and that said shit 
 Whoops, I didn't mean to curse 
 But yo Proof, come back 
 And lay one verse 
  
 [Proof] 
 I don't bite 
 But I spit the killin' venom 
 When I'm older 
 My pockets gon' blow up like Brazilian women 
 You can fight me here 
 Like some Big (B.I.G.) and Pac shit 
 Breaking laws off him dog 
 And hypnotic, he got it 
 Although he sound sober 
 I ain't gay nowhere near gay 
 I even hate a brown-noser 
 It's over, he killa 
 Got no skills 
 When these twenty-two spins 
 Ain't got nothing to do with Diablo wheels 
 Even the bible kills 
 I burn moral themes 
 Y'all pop like MTV 
 And talk more than Coral Jeanne 
 The poor foreseen that there is a God 
 I hope you guys slack 
 Cause when I lean back 
 Without the Terror Squad 
 I gotta two bigger 
 Then pistol move niggas whip 
 I leave fool ass lit 
 Like a cool cigarette 
 I'm 'bout the peace dude 
 In fact the peaceful 
 Since these niggas know my piece full 
 And since they watchin' Beef too 
 They watchin' niggas out here 
 They see how we go 
 Back in the day 
 With what, my people 
 The desert eagle 
 Leaving people living in deceased holes 
 How they feel about that? 
 My truck is all diesel 
 Freeze hoes 
 These people know it 
 G.L. in detail 
 They break like Lee nail 
 Crew is D12 
 More noise than a seashell 
 Cause we shall prevail 
 Without the Martin Luther King drill 
  
 [Eminem] 
 How you know the main side, so attraction 
 Psycho action 
 The man 'ill throw up on Michael Jackson 
 Sick enough to do anything 
 In any video 
 I could even pull out my whole titty yo 
 Wouldn't mean a damn thing 
 Wouldn't mean nothing 
 Like if you went and pulled hamstring 
 Cause you a fake 'iatch 
 I took the b off 
 Cause Imma be off with the switch 
 Just like you 
 Cause you walk with a switch too 
 That's what I meant 
 Cause I represent, every single day 
 Pass it off to Stat 
  
 [Stat Quo] 
 I'm so slum 
 I pull up in a double-quad deuce with no roof 
 On them big ass boots 
 White tee, no suit 
 Just me and my troop 
 Jam and be some hustlers 
 We are not a group 
 Grizzles, love me cause my smile is priceless 
 My advice, my life 
 I have them wetter than diapers 
 She want me to buy big jewels and wife her 
 Fuck the bitch tonight 
 But tomorrow won't like her 
 Go back to the club 
 And get a new one like her 
 And that's what I call completing a cypher 
 Wrassle with the bitches so they call me Roddy Piper 
 When a Stat come through 
 Your girlfriend get hyper 
  
 [Swift] 
 You be in the ocean with the worms and maggots 
 I'm what overdoses do for an addict 
 And after static with me 
 Holy ghosts will be given a homes 
 Automatically, it's either that or be rolled in a hole 
 I target ya dome 
 Watch that shit get blown 
 Like a head gasket 
 See I'm rabid 
 And known to foam acid 
 I accurately mastered battering bastards 
 I don't get charged for assault and battery 
 They be after me 
 Cause I smashed 'em 
 Happily answering 
 Any nigga that asks me would happen 
 I tell 'em the truth laughin' 
 That's just me 
 A five-star general 
 With aura that's horrible 
 I be smackin' ya captain 
 Turn a corpse into ya corporal 
 They won't know who did it 
 Tell your lieutenant 
 When an arsenal is set 
 For all of those threats of coming close 
 No you won't 
 With a Stephen King mentality 
 Ya don't believe me? 
 I can bring the casualty to ya family 
 And that's what's up 
 I got D12 in the house 
 Ya know what we about 
 Are you a man, a mouse? 
 And it seems like you a mouse 
 Running in that hole 
 Just cause you hoe 
 And everybody know 
 McVay yeah 
  
 [Proof] 
 See I'm going out 
 Blow 'em up 
 They wanna see me, what I'm all about 
 Pull 'em out 
 I'm in the club 
 Got the snub 
 'Bout to bust it out 
 Boy hear me, 'bout to hear me 
 'Bout to cuss a dog 
 I can't take it 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Can't cuss it dog 
 Take it dog 
 Ayo, get with the 
 With the girl 
 Better take it off 
 She got the bra better shake it y'all 
 Ayo, check it out 
 I'm about to bull 
 And wreck it out 
  
 [All] 
 Smack 'em with shovels 
 Smack 'em with shovels 
 Smack 'em with shovels 
 Smack 'em with shovels 
  
 [Eminem] 
 You gon' make us freestyle for all 
 Make us freestyle for all 
 Make us freestyle for all 
 Make us freestyle for all 
 Tim you gon' make us freestyle for all 
  
 [All] 
 Freestyle forever 
 Freestyle forever 
 Freestyle forever 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Tim gon' make us freestyle forever[verse 1: Eminem] 
 Lights, action, cameras flashing 
 Managers, sponsors, concerts, monster mashing 
 Flashing type of mic 
 That was unaware of trash like Marilyn Manson 
 Updated Axle Rose 
 White version of shaft pimp slappin' hoes 
 Pull up like a Mac, jet black limo 
 Strecth so far back you can't see the back windows 
 Stepping out pink hats, furs and minks 
 Chicks on each arm, what the fuck you think? 
 Right arm go that kid from N'Sync's chick on it 
 Left arm got that little pink chick on it 
 Me and Dre at the VMA's again 
 Pissin' off all these lesbians and gays again 
  
 [Verse 2: Proof] 
 Let me show you what the clip does 
 Cause D12 are harder than virgins inside strip clubs 
 Yo, we bust thugs 
 You beatin us is like 20 inch doves on glove buzz 
 It won't happen don't take the satisfaction 
 With funk flex you got your back spittin' 
 Actin' like you harder than life 
 Peace to Obie Trice 
 Rock a mic is on the right 
 Obie Trice has been around the globe twice 
 How it feel with the shine show was 
 Peace to Mark Labelle, Flex and Paul Rosenburg 
 Yo Em Diddy save me 
 Ayo, I think my dad's going crazy[Verse One: Eminem] 
 I'm a pacifist, unless there's ass to kick 
 It'll be tragic miss, If I don't fuck you bitch 
 You can take the dick you little cunt 
 Lick it than pass it like a blunt 
 But I'm sober now I'm done with drugs 
 That was the last chapter this is the next one 
 My place in the game is big, son 
 I'm somewhere between God, Godzilla, and King Kong 
 A Monster, yeah like his dick is 
 They say I'm hung like a bear, so run, run bitches 
 The chainsaw can give you staple stitches 
 If your unfaithful, just kill your wife than rape your mistress 
 And if that don't work your a fucking retard 
 I'm sick of playing games, I'm here for revenge, Dee Barnes 
 Slapping up Dre for what he start- 
 Ed, long time ago and it left him scarred 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] x2 
 Everybody knows I'm crazy 
 This game isn't gonna change me 
 There's nothing else to say, see 
 You already know I'm Shady 
  
 [Verse Two: Eminem & (Dr. Dre)] 
 I'm assuming you don't want to battle 
 That will be your dying day 
 Into your house bullets will rattle 
 You just cannot win this fray 
 Don't believe me ask Ray (Cornrows) 
 (I heard he thinks he's gangsta), but he's really not though 
 (so don't fuck with Slim), that's the goal 
 (he'll burn your house down), and relocate you to the motorhomes 
 Holdin' pullin' moldin' chrome 
 Oldest, dopest, grossest flow 
 Killer, father, loving home 
 Family jealous of all this gold 
 Everybody wants a million from Shady 
 Even the goddamn motherfuckers who hate me 
 But I stays crazy, and sprayz AKs at babys 
 Me and Drezy (Yeah Slim your Shady) 
  
 [Hook 2: Eminem & (Dr. Dre)] x2 
 Mothefucker I told you I was (crazy) 
 The game done helped (shape me) 
 The only thing left to (say b) 
 Is hey (Slim your Shady) 
  
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 Relapse 2 mothafuckas 
 Fuck you and your mothas 
 Dre grab the gat *gunshots*I need Christopher Reeves to come and lay his verse 
 I think he can spit it better on Medicine Ball 
 First off, I did not even realize the guy died 
 So I guess them Christopher Reeves jokes ain't gonna fly 
 Whoa, I'm on a roll, don't get me started 
 Ellen got pissed at me tried to push me and pussy farted 
 With such accuracy he aims and he shoots the target 
 Cupid's arrow and Portia ??? now look, sweetheart it's 
 The kissin' bandit on a mission to leave, Miss Degeneres 
 Disenchanted by men now just listen damn it 
 Miss De Rossi, I need no posse, now single-Hand-ed-ly 
 Will steal your heart with a kiss 
 Where should I plant it? Mm-wha! Baby, it's *moi* 
 And my repertoire's runnin' around in pink panties and leopard bra 
 And negligar, negligee, you say tomayto I say TOMato 
 I’m Tommy Mottola Mariah don`t stop me I`m on a roll, ohh 
 Y'all know what it is[Verse 1] 
 It's the mothafuckin' Farm Club 
 This little girl 'bout to get a arm rub 
 Who wanna see me on this mothafuckin' fiction board 
 Who wanna see me on a mothafuckin' diction lore 
 And I'll be kicking source to mothafuckin' camera looking right in it 
 I can kick twenty dope rhymes in one minute 
 And y'all don't understand cause my rhymes are Infinite 
  
 [Refrain] 
 What's the Farm Club? 
 It's the mothafuckin' *chika-chika* Farm Club 
 It's the mothafuckin' *chika-chika* Farm Club 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Is this shit there wasn't be bleeped out? 
 I don't know but I feel it is and it's like *eeh-eh* 
 And I will kicking rhyme until it stops to *eeh-eh* 
  
 [Outro] 
 What? Wha-what? It's the Farm Club? 
 What? Wha-what? Wha-what? It's the Farm Club?Album Art: 
 Collectors Edition Cover:[Verse: Eminem] 
 Come in spittin', with not writtin', non-fiction 
 Rappers try to step to this, with no prediction 
 It doesn't matter cause I'm smashin' and bashin' and crashin' 
 I hate rappers with a passion when I'm chilling with DJ Fashion 
 Yo, I need a frickin' kleenex, so I die like River Phoenix 
 When I'm chillin with Phoneix, with two Coronas 
 I'm on the microphone and I'm a own this 
 Yo, and I'm a bone this in Arizona 
 Yo, rappers that ain't able 
 That can't stay stable, I'm on two turn tables 
 With my man, but he doesn't matter cause he kicks lyrics galore 
 And he's only five foot four 
 Yo check it out I bust rhymes and get, groovy 
 My man got carded at a rated R movie 
 But it really didn't matter, he wasn't insulted 
 He said I'm 27 years old, yo, I'm an adult, kid 
 But, yo still, Slim Shady gets ill with the skill 
 And I'm a always bill and kill, my baby's mama 
 Just to piss the world off, just to piss the girls off 
 Yo I earl off 
 The top of the building, kill women and children 
 And then it hit me 
 Suddenly my wrists tried to slit me 
 Couldn't believe it, yo, ya'll can't conceive it 
 It's Slim Shady, I'll fuck a girl in her cleavage 
 Bleep that out, and you can keep it, just bleep it 
 Yo, y'all keep it a secret 
 I'm top secret, like pop secret 
 Rappers they don't wanna see 
 Slim Shady, I'm from the motherfucking, D 
 Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-haha-ha-ha 
 Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-haha-ha-ha 
 Yo, yo Slim Shady[Verse 1] 
 Everybody, duck down, all you hear is the sound 
 Of Slim Shady spittin' rounds at the Lyricist Lounge 
 What year is this now? I don't know, I forgot 
 All I know is that I'd die for pot, make the cypher hot 
 Smoke weed and fuck up my life a lot 
 Give me the money now, bitch 
 Did you want to see your wife or not? 
 'Fore I stab her wit' this knife I got 
 I got a sci-fi plot like a science fiction flick that I'm a hit you wit' 
 I got the Outsidaz up in this bitch 
 Peace to Thirstin' Howl, A.L. and Wordsworth 
 My mother smoked crack, I had a premature birth 
 I'm just a nerd cursed wit' badly disturbed nerves 
 Who wanna step to this and get served first? 
 Ninety-nine percent of aliens prefer Earth 
 So I'm here to rule the planet, startin' wit' your turf 
 I hid a secret message inside of a word search 
 Wit' smeared letters, runnin' together in blurred spurts 
 Rappers can't fuck wit' me, it hurts worth 
 When they get abolished, polyps'll murk worse 
 Wrote a secret message inside of a word search 
 Wit' smeared letters, runnin' together in blurred spurts 
 Rappers can't fuck wit' me, hollerin', 'Nurse, nurse' 
 You said this shot would numb it, bitch, it just hurts worse 
 Rappers can't fuck wit' the way that I spit it, lyrical lit it 
 Now you did it when I committed, get his rhymes out here 
 Off the top of the dome wit' a popular poem 
 Fuck a team, I can stop you alone 
 Rappers don't understand it[Verse 1] 
 Step right up, I'm about to light up the skyline 
 So bright, I'mma fuck your whole night up 
 Light up your glow sticks and go stick a stick in your ass 
 This is the ghost of Christmas past 
 This is your host, you're supposed to kiss his ass 
 This is gross but listen close, if you don't 
 You can go stick your whole frickin' nose against his crack 
 'til he lets one go and blows your whiskers back 
 And get a great big old whiff cause if you last without passing out 
 You'll be on the next episode of Fear Factor, yeah, I'm back to, back to what? 
 I don't know, smack a little child actor's butt, Mike Jackson, what? 
 What the fuck you want? I got a blunt and some Jesus juice 
 Who needs an excuse these days 
 The way they rally around pedophiles, you lucky I don't pee in your face 
 I can do anything and apologize for it later as long 
 As it ain't a racist tape from '88, than I'm straight of that cannot be forgave 
 If I drank pee for, 18 years straight and ate shit every day 
 On a porcelain plate that was shaped like a toilet with a fork and steak, knife 
 For the rest of my life and had to watch my ex-wife get fucked by Vanilla Ice 
 Twice a day, cause I said N-I-G-G-A, when I was a teenager 
 Blaow-blaow, Shade uh 45, shorty, let me get your number, baby 
 Maybe I can hump your leg or something? 
 But it's time for me to go, so I stopped, jumped in the vehicle 
 It's like this, because of that boob, right?[Intro] 
 My Salsa, Salsa, Salsa, Salsa, my Salsa 
 My Salsa, Salsa, Salsa, Salsa, my Salsa 
 My Salsa, Salsa, Salsa, Salsa, my Salsa 
 My Salsa, Salsa, Salsa, Salsa, my Salsa 
  
 [Verse] 
 I'm the lead singer of my band 
 I get all the girls to take off their underpants 
 I'm the lead singer of my band 
 My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance 
 My salsa, look out for my next single, it's called "My Salsa" 
 My salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa 
 My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance 
 And take off their underpants 
 My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance 
 And take off their underpants, my salsa 
 My salsa 
 I'm the lead singer of my band 
 I get all the girls to take off their underpants 
 I'm the lead singer of my band 
 My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance 
 My salsa, look out for my next single, it's called "My Salsa" 
 My salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa 
 My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance 
 And take off their underpants 
 My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance 
 And take off their underpants, my salsa 
 I'm the lead singer of my band 
 I get all the girls to take off their underpants 
 I'm the lead singer of my band 
 My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance 
 My salsa, look out for my next single, it's called "My Salsa" 
 My salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa 
 My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance 
 And take off their underpants 
 My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance 
 And take off their underpants, my salsa 
 I'm the lead singer of my band 
 I get all the girls to take off their underpants 
 I'm the lead singer of my band 
 My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance 
 My salsa, look out for my next single, it's called "My Salsa" 
 My salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa 
 My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance 
 And take off their underpants 
 My salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance 
 And take off their underpants, my salsa 
 My salsa 
  
 [Outro] 
 Where'd everybody go?[Intro] 
 Hi kids, do you like Kim's bullshit? (No!) 
 Wanna see me stick her fucking eyeballs right in to my anus? 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I got a fucking time traveling machine to go back all to this 
 And see all the piss that she gave me, bitch 
 She made me fall on my ass 
 The walls are caving in and I gotta go ham on this bitch 
 Like, woah, so we never fell in love so I didn't have to 
 Go through that shit no more 
 It's like a nugget, I'm hugging these sluts 
 That are bothering this fucking chick when I murder 
 And spit on the beat like the drugs I was taking 
 Just a bit of it 
 And stop slurping the blood off her face, or I'll murder you too with a bag full of mace and if Kim comes to my house and says "Wanna get back together?" 
 And I say "No, get out before I [slit your throat] and splatter the blood on this sweater!" 
 Blue eyes, red eyes, green eyes, bloody eyes 
 Hi Mom, you're back again, rock climbing my dick to see how famous my fucking life is? 
  
 [Hook x2] 
 1980, still feeling shady, 1983, bitch never leave me 
 1987, met this bitch in heaven, 1999, my life was very deprived 
 I said hey, do you want me? I'm still feeling kinda shady 
 1999, we got 3 babies, 1999, will you ever leave me? 
 Because back then, I was kind of shady 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Ring around the rosie, pocket full of posie 
 Kim, Kim, be shady like me, I'm trying for the 4th 
 Stop being a bitch, please, walking across the highway 
 Playing Chicken, while brains splatter all over the road like 
 "ricken, ricken", my phone's dead, now how can I call the bitch? 
 I'll use the payphone, this bitch is calling my dead phone, she won't leave me alone 
 Spent 75 cents on her, and she didn't answer 
 Now I'll come to her house and [slaughter her ancesters] 
 Boo! I'm a ghost, you happy to see me? I'm taking your soul 
 Well shit, you don't believe me? Boom, I did it, do you believe me now? Shit whatever, I'm the king so hand me the crown 
  
 [Hook x2] 
  
 [Outro] 
 1999, the slut's pussy is so dry, I said 1999, the slut's pussy is so dry, no other faggot can control my life[G] Eminem as Susan (the girl) 
 [D] Eminem as Dave 
 [J] Eminem as John 
 [R] Eminem as Ron 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave 
 And met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved 
 A nurse aid who came to get laid and *tied* up 
 With first aid tape and *raped* on the first date 
 Susan -- an ex-manic depressive who just moved from Houston 
 Who loves blues and alternative music (Whattup?) 
 Told me she was starvin, I said it wasn't a problem (Nah!) 
 I got a coupon for this pizza with everything on it 
 We can double the mushrooms and minus the sausage 
 [G] I'm allergic to fungus 
 Come on Sue, that's nonsense 
 Who's at the door? Pizza man! 
 Who ordered pizza? Susan, it's yours 
 [G] Nuh uh 
 If you got it with double mushrooms on it then I don't want it 
 Shutup Susan I'll pick em off it 
 Oh hell, I might as well try it, I'll be alright 
 Susan you just swallowed the wrong slice!! 
  
 Chorus: 1st repeat Em says "I'm sorry!" at the end 
 2nd repeat same as original Chorus 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 "Yo Sue!" 
 [G] Get away from me, I don't know you 
 Oh shoot, she's tripping.. 
 [G] I need to go puke!! (Bleahh!) 
 I wasn't tryin to turn this into somethin major 
 I just wanted to make you appreciate flavor 
 Susan, stop cryin, I don't hate ya 
 I'm sorry your father used to chase ya and spank ya with hangers 
 So what they locked you in the attic in your dad's house? 
 That ain't no reason to start wiggin and spaz out 
 She said 
 [G] Help me I think I'm havin a seizure! 
 I said, "You're breaking out in hives, let go of the pizza!" 
 "Would you put it down you're startin to scare me" 
 She said 
 [G] I'm twenty-six years old and I'm not married 
 I don't even have any kids and I can't cook 
 (Hello!) I'm over here Sue, (hi) you're talkin to the plant, look! 
 We need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late 
 Cause I never seen no-one eat as many *shrooms* as you ate 
  
 Chorus: 1st repeat Em says "Whoops!" after first line 
 And "It was an accident!" at the end 
 2nd repeat same as original Chorus 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Susan (wait!) Where you goin? You better be careful 
 [G] Leave me alone dad, I'm sick of gettin my hair pulled 
 I'm not your dad, quit tryin to swallow your tongue 
 Want some gum? Put down the scissors, 'fore you do somethin dumb 
 I'll be right back just chill baby please? 
 I gotta go find Dave he majored in allergies 
 "John, where's Dave at before I bash you?" 
 [J] He's in the bathroom; I think he's takin a crap dude! 
 "Dave! Pull up your pants, we need an ambulance 
 There's a girl upstairs talkin to plants 
 Choppin her hair off, and there's only two days left 
 Of Spring Break, how long do these things take to wear off?" 
 [D] Well it depends on how many pieces she ate 
 Just one, with double mushrooms by mistake 
 Now she's upstairs cryin out her eyeballs, breaking out in hives" 
 [D] She's gonna die dude 
 "I know and it's my fault!" 
 [D] My god!!! 
  
 Chorus: 1st repeat Em says "I'm sorry!" after second line 
 And "What do I do?" at the end 
 2nd repeat same as original Chorus 
  
 My God, I'm so sorry! 
 I'm so sorry! Susan please wake up! 
 Please! Please wake up!! What are you doing?! 
 You're not dead!! You're NOT dead! 
 I know you're not dead!Walk On Water 
  
 [Chorus: Skylar Grey] 
 I walk on water 
 But I ain't no Jesus 
 I walk on water 
 But only when it freezes 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Why are expectations so high? Is it the bar I set? 
 My arms, I stretch, but I can't reach 
 A far cry from it, or it's in my grasp, but as 
 Soon as I grab, squeeze 
 I lose my grip like the flyin' trapeze 
 Into the dark I plummet, now the sky's blackening 
 I know the mark's high, butter– 
 Flies rip apart my stomach 
 Knowin' that no matter what bars I come with 
 You're gonna harp, gripe, and 
 That's a hard Vicodin to swallow, so I scrap these 
 As pressure increases like khakis 
 I feel the ice cracking, because— 
  
 [Chorus: Skylar Grey] 
 I walk on water 
 But I ain't no Jesus 
 I walk on water 
 But only when it freezes 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 It's the curse of the standard 
 That the first of the Mathers discs set 
 Always in search of the verse that I haven't spit yet 
 Will this step just be another misstep 
 To tarnish whatever the legacy, love or respect 
 I've garnered? The rhyme has to be perfect, the delivery flawless 
 And it always feels like I'm hittin' the mark 
 'Til I go sit in the car, listen and pick it apart 
 Like, "This shit is garbage!" 
 God's given me all this, still, I feel no different regardless 
 Kids look to me as a god, this is retarded 
 If only they knew, it's a facade and it's exhaustive 
 And I try not to listen to nonsense 
 But if you bitches are tryin' to strip me of my confidence 
 Mission accomplished 
 I'm not God-sent, Nas, Rakim, 'Pac, B.I.G., James Todd Smith 
 And I'm not Prince, so… 
  
 [Chorus: Skylar Grey] 
 I walk on water 
 But I ain't no Jesus 
 I walk on water 
 But only when it freezes 
  
 [Post-Chorus: Skylar Grey] 
 'Cause I'm only human, just like you 
 Making my mistakes, oh if you only knew 
 I don't think you should believe in me the way that you do 
 'Cause I'm terrified to let you down, oh 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 It's true, I'm a Rubik's — a beautiful mess 
 At times juvenile, yes, I goof and I jest 
 A flawed human, I guess 
 But I'm doin' my best to not ruin your ex– 
 Pectations and meet 'em, but first 
 The "Speedom" verse, now Big Sean 
 He's goin' too fast, is he gonna shout or curse out his mom? 
 There was a time I had the world by the balls, eatin' out my palm 
 Every album song I was spazzin' the fuck out on 
 And now I'm gettin' frowned and clowned on 
 But the only one who's looking down on 
 Me that matters now's DeShaun 
 Am I lucky to be around this long? 
 Begs the question though 
 Especially after the methadone 
 As yesterday fades and the Dresden home 
 Is burnt to the ground, and all that's left of my house is lawn 
 The crowds are gone 
 And it's time to wash out the blonde 
 Sales decline, the curtain's drawn 
 They're closin' the set, I'm still pokin' my head from out behind 
 And everyone who has doubt, remind 
 Now take your best rhyme, outdo it, now do it a thousand times 
 Now let 'em tell ya the world no longer cares or gives a fuck about your rhymes 
 And as I grow outta sight, outta mind, I might go outta mine 
 'Cause how do I ever let this mic go without a fight 
 When I made a fuckin' tightrope outta twine? 
 But when I do fall from these heights though, I'll be fine 
 I won't pout or cry or spiral down or whine 
 But I'll decide if it's my final bow this time around, 'cause— 
  
 [Chorus: Skylar Grey] 
 I walk on water 
 But I ain't no Jesus 
 I walk on water 
 But only when it freezes 
  
 [Post-Chorus: Skylar Grey] 
 'Cause I'm only human, just like you 
 I've been making my mistakes, oh if you only knew 
 I don't think you should believe in me the way that you do 
 'Cause I'm terrified to let you down, oh 
 If I walked on water, I would drown 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 'Cause I'm just a man 
 But as long as I got a mic, I'm godlike 
 So me and you are not alike 
 Bitch, I wrote "Stan" 
  
 Stan 
  
 [Chorus: Skylar Grey] 
 My tea's gone cold 
 I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all 
 The morning rain clouds up my window 
 And I can't see at all 
 And even if I could it'd all be gray 
 But your picture on my wall 
 It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem (as Stan)] 
 Dear Slim, I wrote you, but you still ain't callin' 
 I left my cell, my pager and my home phone at the bottom 
 I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not've got 'em 
 There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin' 
 Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em 
 But anyways, fuck it, what's been up, man? How's your daughter? 
 My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm 'bout to be a father 
 If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her? 
 I'ma name her Bonnie 
 I read about your Uncle Ronnie too, I'm sorry 
 I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him 
 I know you probably hear this every day, but I'm your biggest fan 
 I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam 
 I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man 
 I like the shit you did with Rawkus too, that shit was phat 
 Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back 
 Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Stan 
  
 [Chorus: Skylar Grey] 
 My tea's gone cold 
 I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all 
 The morning rain clouds up my window 
 And I can't see at all 
 And even if I could it'd all be gray 
 But your picture on my wall 
 It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad 
  
 Love the Way You Lie 
  
 [Chorus: Skylar Grey] 
 Just gonna stand there and watch me burn 
 Well, that's all right 
 Because I like the way it hurts 
 Just gonna stand there and hear me cry 
 Well, that's all right 
 Because I love the way you lie 
 I love the way you lie 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I can't tell you what it really is 
 I can only tell you what it feels like 
 And right now there's a steel knife in my windpipe 
 I can't breathe, but I still fight while I can fight 
 As long as the wrong feels right, it's like I'm in flight 
 High off her love, drunk from her hate 
 It's like I'm huffin' paint 
 And I love her the more I suffer, I suffocate 
 And right before I'm about to drown she resuscitates me 
 She fuckin' hates me, and I love it, “Wait! 
 Where you going?”, “I'm leaving you.” “No, you ain't 
 Come back!” We're runnin' right back, here we go again 
 It's so insane, 'cause when it's goin' good it's goin' great 
 I'm Superman with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane 
 But when it's bad it's awful, I feel so ashamed 
 I snap, “Who's that dude?”, I don't even know his name 
 I laid hands on her, I'll never stoop so low again 
 I guess I don't know my own strength 
  
 [Chorus: Skylar Grey] 
 Just gonna stand there and watch me burn 
 Well, that's all right 
 Because I like the way it hurts 
 Just gonna stand there and hear me cry 
 Well, that's all right 
 Because I love the way you lie 
 I love the way you lie 
 I love the way you lieRole Model? 
 I'll roll a model down a hill over broke bottles and coke products if she don't suck 
 And ? To the bumper hit the throttle while im tryna hit the pothose 
 I'll freakin take Madonna to McDonalds 
 Any ho in the porizontal getting fondeled 
 I don't cuddle I don't caddal 
 Only models that I follows 
 Everything I drive, whether it's a navo-ho or tatho 
 It's got a ho in it 
 Nah ho I don't got no freakin Bronco 
 You're looking for a buck? Get a horse ? tano 
 I got a rusty Honda with some bonda and a box of condoms 
 Little blonde Bitch Fuck me? Fuck you too 
 Like a Mcbanaro-boo-abano 
 And I ain't from this planet so nano - nano nano 
 I'm intolerable, too vilatle, screw it 
 I don't gotta make the Honor roll to be On a roll 
 I don't know much, But what I do know I do it pronto though 
 So knock it off all these knock-off me's 
 The last thing the world needs is another me 
 But if you think, this is part 2 to recovery 
 Or Love the way you lie part 12 
 Or something Heartfelt you're about to make a Discovery 
 Like you failed Christopher Columbus's compass 
 Aint dumbing shit down for you dumb motherfuckers so suck it 
 I took your best punchline like a punch in the stomach that punctured a lung punk but I'm still functioning from it 
 Chump, this is nothing now watch, while i fuck one up it and toot my horn 
 Once i think of something to trumpet 
 And i don't need a fucking In-strument to sound off like a trunk of a elephant the triumphent 
 Return of the ether spittin' retard, reborn, but chances of you having another rebirth, slim to none 
 Like a skinny Mother Theresa, Give a fuck it's easter! So kiss my keester! Because that's the only thing i turn the other cheek for !Weed lacer 
 '97 burgundy Blazer 
 Wanted for burglary 
 Had to ditch the Mercury Tracer 
 I'm on some Loc shit 
 Some fed up wit the 'being broke' shit 
 I'm not to joke with 
 Bitch, I don't sell crack 
 I smoke it 
 Having a coke fit and going through withdrawals daily 
 Shoot up with mescaline in front of my baby daughter Hailey 
 My brains dusted 
 I'm disgusted at all my habits 
 Too many aspirin tablets 
 Empty medicine cabinets 
 Losing battles to wack rappers because I'm always too blunted 
 Walking up in the cypher smoking 
 Talking about, "Who want it" 
 Thug and a crook 
 Every drug in the book 
 I've done it 
 My 9's at your brain 
 Is that your chain 
 Run it 
 Crews die from an overdosage of excessive flavour 
 Aggressive nature's got me sticking you for your progressive pager 
 Spectacular 
 Battle rap manufacturer 
 Stole your mama's Acura 
 Wrecked it and sold it back to her 
 Cruise in Nike jackets 
 Escaped from psychiatrics 
 Told the nurse to save my bed for me 
 "I might be back quick" 
 So barricade your entrance 
 Put up some extra fences 
 A woman beater 
 Wanted for repeated sex offences 
 Chasing dips 
 Take them on long vacation trips 
 Kidnapping them and trapping them in abusive relationships 
 Mess up your face and lips 
 Slit your stomach and watch your gut split 
 Got you with that razor that I use to shave my nuts with 
 Mama don't you cry 
 Your son's too far gone 
 I'm so high 
 I don't even know what label I'm on 
 I'm messed up 
 I feel just like an overworked plumber 
 I'm sick of the crap 
 What's Jack Kevorkian's phone numberYou have reached the voicemail box of: Suck it 
  
 Hey, Em. What's going on? It's Paul. Uh, I wanted to call you to let you know we're getting ready to shoot the "Monster" video. We got dates for Rihanna and she's gonna come out to Detroit and we can get it shot. We've got some concepts together based on your conversations with Rich Lee and I think we're ready to go. 
  
 So the basic concept is sort of like an Inception-type of vibe. The whole video sort of happens inside of your head and Rihanna, in the beginning, is gonna act as your therapist. And you answer into her office, you sit down and you sort of fall asleep or drift off; we're not really sure. And next thing you know, you're travelling in this elevator and the elevator sort of represents your journey and your career. And there's various stops along the way. We're gonna recreate some scenes from some of your classic moments. 
  
 I had to go home and get my straightjacket. Redoing this scene actually brings back no memories for me because I don't remember it. Dr Dre would say, "I'm glad to see you got your coat back on. The way things should be." 
  
 The scene from the "My Name Is" video, with you in the straightjacket and Dre as your therapist in the psychiatrist's office there.The song which recieved an Oscar for you ,yes "Lose yourself" will also be included. We're gonna go back and revisit "The Way I Am", with you jumping off the building, falling through the sky, with everything moving past you. And then we're also gonna do the classic Grammy scene, with you and Elton John performing "Stan". 
  
 "I can't see it all. Even if I could, it'll all be grey. But your picture on my wall, it reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad". 
  
 So, all these things are going on in your head. You're travelling through the elevator, looking at it from a new perspective, with you watching yourself. And then when you finally get to the end of your journey in the elevator, you come out and you see this sort of caged beast. And the beast is actually Slim Shady. 
  
 Slim Shady's inside of this cage and you walk up and you don't really know what's going on. And then you see it's actually yourself. And Slim Shady's feeding you some notes and we can just assume that the notes might be some lyrics or some song titles scribbled on them. And the idea that you keep feeding Slim Shady with fame and all of the things that go along with it. And the songs'll keep coming back out. 
  
 So, it's really kind of a trip. It's very surreal. Less performance than some of your recent videos but this is more cinematic and it's more of a story through this journey. 
  
 So, anyway. Call me back after you listen to this. Um, I sent the treatment over, read through it and get ready for some really long days. Later. 
  
 I'm done. It's a wrap. Uh, I never want to perform in these clothes again. Way too small. I'm try'na go, like, quadruple X next time. So, these clothes are a fucking wrap too. Peace out. 
  
 And goodnight. Give it up for him, folks. Thank you very much.[Intro] 
 Oooh! Ladies and gentlemen, the moment you've all been waiting for 
 In this corner, weighing 175 pounds, with a record of 17 rapes, 400 
 Assaults, and 4 murders 
 The undisputed, most diabolical villain in the world, Slim Shady! 
  
 [Chorus] 
 So crack a bottle, let your body waddle 
 Don't act like a snobby model 
 You just hit the lotto 
 Uh oh uh oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe 
 Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves 
 Now where's the rubbers? Whose got the rubbers? 
 I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us 
 And ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust 
 It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk 
  
 Ladies and gentlemen, Dr Dre 
  
 [Verse One] 
 They see that low rider go by there, like "Oh my!" 
 You ain't got to tell me why you're sick cuz I know why 
 I dip through in that six trey like sick 'em Dre 
 I'm an itch that they can't scratch, they're sick of me 
 But hey, what else can I say? I love LA 
 Cuz over and above all, it's just another day 
 And this one begins where the last one ends 
 Pick up where we left off and get smashed again 
 I'll be damned, just fucked around and crashed my Benz 
 Driving around with a smashed front end 
 Let's cash that one in 
 Grab another one from out the stable 
 The Monte Carlo, El Camino or the El Derado 
 The hell if I know 
 Do I want leather seats or vinyl 
 Decisions, decisions garage looks like precision collision 
 Or maico beats quake like Waco 
 Just keep the bass low speakers away from your face though 
  
 [Chorus] 
 So crack a bottle, let your body waddle 
 Don't act like a snobby model 
 You just hit the lotto 
 Uh oh uh oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe 
 Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves 
 Now where's the rubbers? Whose got the rubbers? 
 I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us 
 And ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust 
 It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk 
  
 [Verse Two] 
 Back when Andre, the giant, mister elephant tusk 
 Picture us, you'll just be another one bit the dust 
 Just one of my mother's son who got thrown under the bus 
 Kiss my butt lick my wonder cheese from under my nuts 
 They disgust, me to see the game the way that it looks 
 It's a must, I redeem my name n haters get murked 
 Bitches lust man they love me when I lay in the cut 
 Missed the cut the lady give a raidy some paper cut 
 Now picture us It's ridiculous you curse at the thought 
 Cuz when I spit the verse the shit gets worse and worse cause your soft 
 If I could fit the words as picture perfect, works every time 
 Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes 
 It's elementary the elephants have entered the room 
 I venture to say with the same repetition is true 
 Not to mention back with a vengeance, so here's the signal 
 Of the bat symbol The platinum duo's back on you hoes 
  
 [Chorus] 
 So crack a bottle, let your body waddle 
 Don't act like a snobby model 
 You just hit the lotto 
 Uh oh uh oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe 
 Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves 
 Now where's the rubbers? Whose got the rubbers? 
 I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us 
 And ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust 
 It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk 
  
 [Verse Three] 
 It's sorta like pourin' Draino down a live volcano 
 You never know what'll happen next, it may blow 
 Same thing happens to the beats when Dre blows 
 I talk shit, but my dick's long as my payroll 
 I get ass like a ball player, but I'm a boss player 
 Pimpin' hoes from here to Australia 
 Till I get heart failure 
 Look at ya half of ya'll, all scared 
 Other half, hands up in the air, like "Awww yeah" 
 This is our year, this is what you call sheer talent 
 But I think at this point it's just obvious 
 Fierce, they say my music's good for all queers 
 Cuz I make your ear ring, get it?, piercin' all ears 
 Call us the Mafia, we got the fucking mob here 
 Gimme the hate and I'll feed off of ya's all year 
 Shit, I'm just doing my job here 
 You don't want no problem, do ya? 
 Fuck it, I'll even crack a bottle for ya 
  
 [Chorus] 
 So crack a bottle, let your body waddle 
 Don't act like a snobby model 
 You just hit the lotto 
 Uh oh uh oh, bitches hopping in my Tahoe 
 Got one riding shotgun and no not one of them got gloves 
 Now where's the rubbers? Whose got the rubbers? 
 I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us 
 And ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust 
 It's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk1. "Hit 'Em Up" by 2Pac (Ft. Outlawz) 
 2. "Diss Fe Liar" by YZ 
 3. "Real Muthaphuckkin G's" by Eazy-E (Ft. B.G. Knocc Out & Dresta) 
 4. "The Bitch in Yoo" by Common 
 5. "Fuck Compton" by Tim Dog 
 6. "Fuck wit Dre Day (And Everybody's Celebratin')" by Dr. Dre (Ft. Jewell, RBX & Snoop Dogg) 
 7. "No Vaseline" by Ice Cube 
 8. "Fuck tha Police" by N.W.A 
 9. "Jack the Ripper" by LL Cool J 
 10. "10% Dis" by MC Lyte 
 11. "Roxanne's Revenge" by Roxanne Shanté 
 12. "The Bridge Is Over" by Boogie Down 
  
 - Honorable Mentions: 
 13. "Wack M.C.'s" by Del The Funky Homosapien 
  
 - Bonus Track: 
 14. "Your Life's on the Line" by 50 Cent[Eminem (Mr. Porter)] 
 Yea! 
 (What was that?) 
 Fuck that shit, I've got shit I'm doing (say) 
 Fuck that shit, I've got shit I'm doing (say) 
 Fuck that shit, I've got shit I'm doing (say) 
 Fuck that shit, I've got shit I'm doing (say) 
 Fuck that shit, I've got shit I'm doing 
 Fuck that shit, I've got shit I'm doing 
 Fuck that shit, I've got shit I'm doing 
 Fuck that shit, I've got shit I'm doing 
 I'm busy 
 I'm busy 
 I'm busy 
 I'm busy 
 Don't bother me, not me 
 Mr Porter, I'm busy 
 I'm busy 
 Tryin' to talk to the crowd (okay) 
 Goddamnit, you win 
  
  
 (This annonation was posted on unofficial lyrics of snippet)Any rapper saying those kind of rhymes 
 In this day and age in this period of time 
 Tryna battle Eminem is worse than 
 David Starr tryna battle Proof, Eye-Ku, BFlat and Bizarre 
 (unintelligible) 
 That's why you beg to differ me,you ain't got no style 
 Plus you lack delivery, not to brag 
 I don't need to boast 
 Look, my face is pale, but you look like you seen a ghost 
 (unintelligible) 
 You couldn't slip up in the zone, if I put banana peels 
 Around this fucking microphone 
 So get a bulldozer, start from bottom to top 
 And tear this building down 
 'cause that's the only way you 'recking shop[Intro] 
 You know I just don't get it 
 Last year I was nobody, this year I'm selling records 
 Now everybody wants to come around like I owe em something 
 The fuck you want from me, ten million dollars? Get the fuck outta here 
  
 [Hook] 
 You see I'm just Marshall Mathers 
 I'm just a regular guy, I don't know why all the fuss about me 
 Nobody ever gave a fuck before, all they did was doubt me 
 Now everybody wanna run their mouth and try to take shots at me 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 You might see me jogging, you might see me walking 
 You might see me walking a dead rottweiler dog 
 With its head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar 
 Hollering at him 'cause the son of a bitch won't quit barking 
 Or leaning out a window with a cocked shotgun 
 Driving up the block in the car that they shot Pac in 
 Looking for Big's killers, dressing ridiculous 
 Blue-and-red, like I don't see what the big deal is 
 Double barrel 12-gauge bigger than Chris Wallace 
 Pissed off cause Biggie and Pac just missed all this 
 Watching all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em 
 And get dollars that should've been theirs like they switched wallets 
 And amidst all this Crist' popping and wrist watches 
 I just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous 
 And walk around with an empty bottle of Remy Martin 
 Starting shit like some 26-year-old skinny Cartman (Goddamn it) 
 An anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin 
 With instinct's to kill N'Sync, don't get me started 
 These fucking brats can't sing and Britney's garbage 
 What is this bitch, retarded? Give me back my sixteen dollars 
 All I see is sissies in magazines smilin' 
 Whatever happened to wiling out and being violent? 
 Whatever happened to catching a good old-fashioned 
 Passionate ass-whooping and getting your shoes, coat and your hat tooken 
  
 [Bridge] 
 New Kids on the Block sucked a lot of dick 
 Boy/girl groups make me sick 
 And I can't wait 'til I catch all you faggots 
 In public, I'mma love it 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Vanilla Ice don't like me, said some shit in Vibe to spite me 
 Then went and dyed his hair just like me 
 A bunch of little kids wanna swear just...[Intro: Pacewon] 
 Some Outsidaz shit 
 I started hearing laughter in my head 
 Somebody laughing at me 
 Always laughing at me 
 I’m ‘bout to go crazy 
 So I started to set it on niggas, nah mean? 
 Pacewon! 
  
 [Bridge: Pacewon] 
 I’m high like Redman, tripping with a tab of acid 
 In my headband (‘Bout to lose my mind) 
 The name’s Pacewon, I’ll kick that ass quickly 
 When I die I’ma try to take the whole world with me (Me!) 
 Raw rhymes, penetrate the kidney 
 When I die I’ma try to take the whole world with me 
 (I got plans to lock it down) Take it with me 
 Take it with me, the whole world with me 
  
 [Verse 1: Pacewon] 
 Yeah, I be hitting you with rude shit 
 I be rolling like crews with new whips, call it stupid 
 But I mastered the fantastic ghetto bastard 
 Raw rap style to kick that ass with 
 Rough as Brillo, nympho spreading like info 
 More than the Jacksons got kinfolk 
 Your crew not strong, they stink like your mother feet 
 When she walk in shoes with no socks on 
 Light as popcorn, me! Disciplining fresh MCs 
 That you’d be scared to rock for 
  
 [Chorus: Pacewon] 
 (Who dat?) I’m low down and I’m shifty 
 When I die I’ma try to take the whole worth with me 
 (Me!) Most MCs get slapped ‘cause they sissy 
 When I die I’ma try to take the whole worth with me 
 Take the world, take it with me 
 Take it with me, set it! 
  
 [Interlude: Eminem] 
 Yeah! Eminem! 
 Dirty Dozen! Yeah! 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem (Pacewon)] 
 I’m in the sound-proof booth without a roof 
 Drunk off 180-proof vodka with Dr. Ruth (What!) 
 We in the vocal room inhaling Magic Markers 
 Sitting in the dark lighting our blunts with sparklers 
 We got my man Pacewon behind the boards 
 Cause we tied the engineer up with output cords (Outsidaz, what!) 
 Bizarre’s in the lobby with the Beatles, smoking bowls 
 Poking holes in his veins with dirty needles 
 We get all doped up from popping uppers 
 And run a train on Foxy Brown without rubbers (Uh, uh-huh, yeah) 
 Smoking homegrown drugs, that’s why you can barely tell 
 What the fuck we’re saying, like Bone-Thugs (Uh!) 
 Hitting blunts ’til my lungs contort, smoke 
 Then take one more short toke before I snort coke (What!) 
 Shit, I been doing lines all day (What!) 
 My mind’s all clay from smelling Pine-Sol spray (What!) 
 What! No, hold up, hold up, hold up (Hold up!) 
 Smoking laced weed wrapped up in a fruit Roll-Up 
 My lungs are all swole-up and ‘bout to bust open 
 I’m just hoping I don’t die from snorting crushed Motrin 
  
 [Chorus 2: Eminem (Pacewon)] 
 I need drugs, somebody fix me 
 When I die, I’ma try to take the whole world with me (Me!) 
 Twelve blunts, plus I’m bringing your girl with me 
 When I die, I’ma try to take the whole world with me 
 I’m not coming back, so don’t send no one to get me 
 When I die, I’ma try to take the whole world with me (Gimme dat) 
 Fuck that, give me all my shit free 
 When I die, I’ma try to take the whole world with me 
  
 [Verse 3: Bizarre (Pacewon)] 
 Wack MCs, there’s a new sheriff in town 
 Put your guns down or die with a ill frown 
 The Outsidaz doing uppers and downers (Uh-huh, yeah) 
 Clowners, even masters scared to hang around us 
 I’m a slob that don’t have a job (What!) 
 Peek through your windows, steal the good from your mom (Ma!) 
 We the starters, y’all niggas hit the benches 
 Smacking more hoes than Joe Jackson at feminine convention 
 Cop some mushrooms, I just can’t see 
 Pull me out the bathroom, I’m ‘bout to OD (D!) 
 Nasty, dirty, some say I’m filthy 
 Every time I drop the rap, Outs be like… (Ill, B!) 
 Brain’s too high, have no fear 
 Eat the pussy of a girl with burning gonorrhea 
 I made a box with a thugger on DD 
 Our crew’s more stupid on wax than Cowdy from Lion King 
 Who’s the big guy high off chocolate kai 
 If you disrespect me, you’ll lyrically die (Die!) 
  
 [Chorus 3: Bizarre (Pacewon)] 
 Somebody hide me, somebody get me 
 When I die, I take the whole world with me (Me!) 
 I’m ‘bout to do your girl named Cindy 
 When I die, I take the whole world with me (Lockin' it down!) 
 You bomb my set, I give her Good-N-Plenty 
 When I die, I take the whole world with me 
 You know my flow is so ill 
 MCs on the microphone and get verbally killed (Killed!) 
  
 [Outro: Pacewon] 
 All y’all niggas’ll get killed 
 Fucking with the Dirty D 
 Pacewon up in this motherfucker 
 All motherfuckers better act like they know 
 You MC, I don’t give a fuck where you from 
 Close to me or far from me 
 I’ma see your wack ass 
 Pacewon! Pacewon![Intro: Eminem] 
 Dre, just let it run 
 Ayo, turn the beat up a little bit 
 Ayo 
 This song is for anyone... 
 Fuck it, just shut up and listen 
 Ayo 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 I sit back with this pack of Zig-Zag's and this bag 
 Of this weed, it gives me the shit needed to be 
 The most meanest MC on this... on this Earth 
 And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse 
 And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works 
 And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve all this tension 
 Dispensing these sentences, getting this stress 
 That's been eating me recently off of this chest 
 And I rest again peacefully 
 But at least have the decency in you 
 To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out 
 In the streets when I'm eating or feeding my daughter 
 To not come and speak to me, I don't know you 
 And no, I don't owe you a mothafuckin' thing 
 I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think 
 I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick if you tempt me 
 My tank is on empty, no patience is in me 
 And if you offend me, I'm lifting you ten feet in the air 
 I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you 
 Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit 
 I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe 
 I'm tired of all you, I don't mean to be mean 
 But that's all I can be, it's just me 
  
 [Chorus: Marilyn Manson] 
 And I am whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
 In the paper, the news, every day I am 
 Radio won't even play my jam 
 'Cause I am whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
 In the paper, the news, every day I am 
 I don't know, that's just the way I am 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Sometimes I just feel like my father 
 I hate to be bothered with all of this nonsense 
 It's constant, and, "Oh, it's his lyrical content 
 The song 'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses." 
 And all of this controversy circles me 
 And it seems like the media immediately points a finger at me 
 So I point one back at 'em, but not the index or pinkie 
 Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up 
 When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up 
 With the bullshit they pull, 'cause they full of shit too 
 When a dude's getting bullied and shoots up his school 
 And they blame it on Marilyn and the heroin 
 Where were the parents at? And look where it's at! 
 Middle America, now it's a tragedy 
 Now it's so sad to see, an upper-class city havin' this happening 
 Then attack Eminem ‘cause I rap this way 
 But I'm glad, ‘cause they feed me the fuel that I need 
 For the fire to burn, and it's burning, and I have returned 
  
 [Chorus: Marilyn Manson] 
 And I am whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
 In the paper, the news, every day I am 
 Radio won't even play my jam 
 'Cause I am whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
 In the paper, the news, every day I am 
 I don't know, that's just the way I am 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 I'm so sick and tired of being admired 
 That I wish that I would just die or get fired 
 And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables 
 I'm not gonna be able to top on "My Name Is" 
 And pigeon-holed into some poppy sensation 
 To cop me rotation at rock-n-roll stations 
 And I just do not got the patience 
 To deal with these cocky Caucasians 
 Who think I'm some wigger who just tries to be black 
 ‘Cause I talk with an accent and grab on my balls 
 So they always keep asking the same fucking questions 
 What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in 
 The why, the who, what, when, the where and the how 
 'Til I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearin' it out 
 ‘Cause they driving me crazy, I can't take it 
 I'm racin', I'm pacin', I stand and I sit 
 And I'm thankful for every fan that I get 
 But I can't take a shit 
 In the bathroom without someone standing by it 
 No, I won't sign you an autograph 
 You can call me an asshole, I'm glad 
  
 [Chorus: Marilyn Manson] 
 And I am whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
 In the papers, the news, every day I am 
 Radio won't even play my jam 
 'Cause I am whatever you say I am 
 If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
 In the paper, the news, every day I am 
 I don't know, it's just the way I am 
  
 [Post-Chorus: Marilyn Manson (Eminem)] 
 Pain, pain 
 Pain, pain (I don't know it's just the way I am) 
 Pain, pain 
 Ahh (Radio won't even play my jam) 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 'Cause I am whatever you say I am 
 'Cause I am whatever you say I am 
 'Cause I am whatever you say I am 
 Radio won't even play my jam 
 'Cause I am whatever you say I am 
 'Cause I am whatever you say I am[Produced by Dr. Seuss] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Arsonist, blocking a fire hose where the nozzle is 
 Go to hospitals, steal the blood that tests positive 
 Take it home, pour it in a cup and drink lots of it 
 Trying on your mother's clothes, trying to get these bras to fit 
 When she comes home, I'm waiting in the closet, with 
 A﻿ knife, hiding so quiet she'll probably hear the faucet drip 
 All my life I've been a foster kid 
 So if I die an early death suicide's gon' be the cause of it 
  
 [Royce Da 5'9] 
 Who hard? yo I done heard worse 
 We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other 
 To see which one'll swerve first 
 Two blind bandits panic, whose mental capacity holds 
 That of a globe on top of nine other planets 
 Kissed the cheek of the devil 
 Intelligence level is hell-ier than treble peakin on speakers in the ghetto 
 Dismissal, I'm not a fair man, disgraced the race of a atheist 
 Intercepting missles wit my bare hands like a patriot 
 One track sliced without swords, I buried the Christ corpse 
 In my past life when the Black Knight mounted the white horse 
 Then one get at you, dash you in the back of a Chevrolet 
 Spittin shit at you faster than your eardrum could ever play 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Cuz this is what happens when Bad Meets Evil 
 We hit the trees till we look like Vietnamese people 
 He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal 
 Above the Law cuz I don't agree wit police either (shit, me neither) 
  
 [Eminem] 
 We ain't eager to be legal 
 So please leave me wit the keys to your Jeep Eagle 
 I breathe ether in three lethal amounts 
 When I stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle 
 Releasin rage on anybody in squeezing range 
 Cold enough to make the seasons change into freezing rain 
 (He's insane) No I'm not, I just want to shoot up and I'm pissed off 
 Cuz I can't find a decent vein 
  
 [Royce Da 5'9] 
 The disaster wit dreds 
 I'm bad enough to commit suicide and survive long enough 
 To kill my soul after I'm dead 
 When in danger it's funny actually my flavor's similar to a waiter 
 Cuz I serve any stranger wit money 
 I spray a hundred, man until they joint chains 
 While slippin bullets at point blank range like they was punches 
 I got a lot of evil; I got knowledge peeking out of my cerebral now that I got people locked and rock evil 
 While still on the beat, I hit you in your ribs so hard to think its just a touch to the floor, while your still on your feet 
 I'm blazin MC's, at the same time amazin MC's Somehow MC's ain't that eye-brow raisin to me 
 Destroying the track, un-employing the whack, exploring the facts while my man Eminem is withdrawing from crack 
  
 [Girl voice crying] 
 I just love him.. 
 I just love him.. 
  
 [Royce Da 5'9] 
 Who hard? yo I done heard worse 
 We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other 
 To see which one'll swerve first 
 Two blind bandits panic, whose mental capacity holds 
 That of a globe on top of nine other planets 
 Kissed the cheek of the devil 
 Intelligence level is hell-ier than treble peakin on speakers in the ghetto 
 Dismissal, I'm not a fair man, disgraced the race of a atheist 
 Intercepting missles wit my bare hands like a patriot 
 One track sliced without swords, I buried the Christ corpse 
 In my past life when the Black Knight mounted the white horse 
 Then one get at you, dash you in the back of a Chevrolet 
 Spittin shit at you faster than your eardrum could ever play 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Cuz this is what happens when Bad Meets Evil 
 We hit the trees till we look like Vietnamese people 
 He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal 
 Above the Law cuz I don't agree wit police either (shit, me neither) 
  
 [Eminem] 
 We ain't eager to be legal 
 So please leave me wit the keys to your Jeep Eagle 
 I breathe ether in three lethal amounts 
 When I stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle 
 Releasin rage on anybody in squeezing range 
 Cold enough to make the seasons change into freezing rain 
 (He's insane) No I'm not, I just want to shoot up and I'm pissed off 
 Cuz I can't find a decent vain 
  
 [Royce Da 5'9] 
 The disaster wit dreds 
 I'm bad enough to commit suicide and survive long enough 
 To kill my soul after I'm dead 
 When in danger it's funny actually my flavor's similar to a waiter 
 Cuz I serve any stranger wit money 
 I spray a hundred, man until they joint chains 
 While slippin bullets at point blank range like they was punches(Same announcer as the first Public Service Announcement on the Slim Shady 
 Lp) 
  
 Announcer: This is another public service announcement brought to you, in 
 Part, by Slim Shady 
  
 Eminem: (whispered): Tell 'em I don't give a fuck 
  
 Announcer: Slim Shady does not give a fuck... What you think! 
  
 Eminem: Tell 'em to suck it 
  
 Announcer: If you don't like it, you can suck his fucking c***! 
 Eminem: Tell 'em they kissed my ass 
  
 Announcer: Little did you know, upon purchasing this album, you have just 
 Kissed his ass! 
  
 Eminem: Tell 'em I'm fed up 
  
 Announcer: Slim Shady is fed up with your shit... And he's going to kill you! 
  
 Eminem: Yeah 
  
 Announcer: Uh... Anything else? 
  
 Eminem: Yeah... Sue meI'm ice grilling you, staring you down with a gremlin grin 
 I'm Eminem, you're a fag in a women's gym 
 I'm Slim, cause Shady is really a fake alias 
 To save me with in case I get chased by space aliens 
 A brainiac with a cranium packed full of more uranium 
 Than a maniac Saudi Arabian 
 A highly combustible head, spasmodic 
 Strapped to a Craftmatic adjustable bed 
 Laid up in a hospital in critical condition 
 I flat lined, jumped up and ran from the mortician 
 High speed, IV full of Thai-weed 
 Looking Chinese with my knee's, stuck together like Siamese 
 Twins, joined at the groin like lesbians 
 Pins and needles, hypodermic needles and pins 
 I hope god forgives me for my sins 
 It probably all depends on if I keep on killing my girlfriends[Intro] 
 "SLIM!" 
 HI MY NAME IS... 
 ...Bitch you make me hurl 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 They call me superman, leap tall hoes in a single bound 
 I'm single now, got no ring on this finger now 
 I'd never let another chick bring me down, in a relationship 
 Save it bitch, babysit, you make me sick 
 Superman ain't savin' shit, girl you can jump on Shady's dick 
 Straight from the hip, cut to the chase, I tell a muthafuckin' slut, to her face 
 Play no games, say no names, ever since I broke up with what's her face 
 I'm a different man, kiss my ass, kiss my lips, bitch why ask 
 Kiss my dick, get my cash, I'd rather have you whip my ass 
 Don't put out, I'll put you out, won't get out, I'll push you out 
 Puss blew out, poppin' shit, wouldn't piss on fire to put you out 
 Am I too nice, buy you ice, bitch if you died, I wouldn't buy you life 
 What you tryin' to be my new wife, what you Mariah, fly through twice... 
  
 [Pre-Chorus] 
 But I do know one thing though, bitches, they come they go 
 Saturday through Sunday, Monday, Monday through Sunday yo' 
 Maybe I'll love you one day, maybe we'll someday grow 
 Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho'... 
  
 [Chorus A] 
 Cause I can't be your Superman (Cry me a River) 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman (Cry me a River-er) 
 Can't be your Superman 
 I can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman (Cry me a River) 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Your Superman, your Superman... (Cry me a River-er, yeah, yeah) 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Don't get me wrong, I love these ho's 
 It's no secret, everybody knows 
 Yeah we fucked, bitch so what, that's about as far as your buddy goes 
 We'll be friends, I'll call you again, I'll chase you around every bar you attend 
 Never know what kind of car I'll be in, we'll see how much you'll be partying then 
 You don't want that, neither do I, I don't want to flip when I see you with guys 
 Too much pride, between you and I 
 Not a jealous man, but females lie 
 But I guess that's just what sluts do, how could it ever be just us two 
 I'd never love you enough to trust you, we just met and I just fucked you... 
  
 [Pre-Chorus] 
 But I do know one thing though, bitches, they come they go 
 Saturday through Sunday, Monday, Monday through Sunday yo' 
 Maybe I'll love you one day, maybe we'll someday grow 
 Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho'... 
  
 [Chorus B] 
 Cause, I know you want me baby, I think I want you too (Cry me a River, Cry me a River-er) 
 "I think I love you baby", I think I love you too (Cry me a River) 
 I'm here to save you girl, come be in Shady's world (Cry me a River-er) 
 I want to grow together, let's let our love unfurl 
 You know you want me baby, you know I want you too (Cry me a River) 
 They call me superman, I'm here to rescue you (Cry me a River-er) 
 I want to save you girl, come be in Shady's world (Cry me a River) 
 "Ooooh boy you drive me crazy", bitch you make me hurl... (Cry me a River-er, yeah, yeah) 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 First thing you say, "I'm not fazed, I hang around big stars all day 
 I don't see what the big deal is anyways 
 You're just plain old Marshall to me" 
 Ooh ya' girl run that game 
 "Hallie Jade, I love that name, love that tattoo, what's that say?" 
 "Rot in pieces, uh, that's great." 
 First off you don't know Marshall, at all so don't grow partial 
 That's ammo for my arsenal, I'll slap you off that barstool 
 There goes another lawsuit, leave handprints all across you 
 Good Lordy whoadie, you must be gone off that water bottle 
 You want what you can't have, ooh girl that's too damn bad 
 Don't touch what you can't grab, end up with two backhands 
 Put anthrax on a tampax, and slap you till you can't stand 
 Girl you just blew your chance, don't mean to ruin your plans... 
  
 [Pre-Chorus] 
 But I do know one thing though, bitches, they come they go 
 Saturday through Sunday, Monday, Monday through Sunday yo' 
 Maybe I'll love you one day, maybe we'll someday grow 
 Till then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway ho'... 
  
 [Chorus B] 
 Cause, I know you want me baby, I think I want you too (Cry me a River, Cry me a River-er) 
 "I think I love you baby", I think I love you too (Cry me a River) 
 I'm here to save you girl, come be in Shady's world (Cry me a River-er) 
 I want to grow together, let's let our love unfurl 
 You know you want me baby, you know I want you too(Cry me a River) 
 They call me superman, I'm here to rescue you (Cry me a River-er) 
 I want to save you girl, come be in Shady's world (Cry me a River) 
 "Ooooh boy you drive me crazy", bitch you make me hurl... (Cry me a River-er, yeah, yeah) 
  
 [Chorus A] 
 Cause I can't be your Superman (Cry me a River) 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman (Cry me a River-er) 
 Can't be your Superman 
 I can't be your Superman 
 Can't be your Superman (Cry me a River) 
 Can't be your Superman 
 Your Superman, your Superman... (Cry me a River-er, yeah, yeah) 
  
 [Outro] 
 Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me) 
 Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me) 
 Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me) 
 Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me) 
 Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me) 
 Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me) 
 Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me) 
 Cry me a river (Cry me, cry me) 
  
 (Cry me, cry me)Artist: Tony Touch f/ Eminem 
  
 [Eminem] 
 If I'm elected for ten terms 
 I'm renewing the staff after the inagural 
 And hiring all girls as interns 
 If I don't like you, I'll snatch you outta your mic booth 
 While you're rappin and pull your right through the window and fight you 
 I'll take you straight to the pavement 
 Uppercut you, and scrape your face wit a bracelet 
 Like a razor that shaved it 
 Three drinks and I'm ready to flash 
 Runnin on stage in a G-string, wit a bee sting on my ass (Look!) 
 It's probably all cuz I ain't awkward at all 
 I just like to walk through the mall, stop, and talk to the wall 
 And have a relapse after I just fought through withdrawal 
 (Hop in the car little girl, I just bought you a doll) 
 The Bad and Evil movement is comin 
 Plus the music is pumpin like a pill freak wit a tube in his stomach 
 I write a rhyme a day 
 So it's no wonder how come your whole album 
 Is soundin like a bunch of shit that I would say 
 Whether it's one verse or one letter 
 I'll probably be the cleverest one that never gets spun ever 
 It's Slim Shady and Tony Touch, it's only us 
 The rest of y'all are just stuck in the middle wit Monie LoveIN PROGRESS[Intro] 
 Yow supa dupes, yuh nuh see a Vybz 
 Kartel ah represent Eminem...doah 
 Gyal ah spin dem waist like rims 
 Man a wave dem hand (ah ah awoah) 
 When dem see the Kartel 
 Dem see the Gaza don ..an oh (lets go) 
 *Better watch out now here we come* (doh) 
 *So er'body come on get up on the floor now* 
 *And grab someone* 
  
 [Verse 1: Vybz Kartel] 
 Eminem you ah the boss (awoah) 
 But mi ah the dadz (oh) 
 Di club ago tun up dem put the Gaza pon the adz 
 The thugs inna the white Toyota strap up wid di mags 
 Six pack unda mi sweater but mi nah talk bout nuh abs 
 Mi nuh play like likle Ze inna the City of Gods 
 Pull up inna di club mi sharper dan a scissors 
 Gyal ah offer menage a trois an three sums and blow jobs 
 In condom fi safety like pistols in holsters 
 Corey ah our building so the club can turn off 
 Street Vybz and champaign and redbull and smirnoff 
 High grade Popcaan roll out and light and burn off 
 Notnice frass a seh teecha gi mi one of your laugh, Aha-ah 
 Pimpin seh me is di world boss every liqour inna di buildin 
 We drink an flass off till di thugz dem eye purple like bb broadcast 
 An ah seh badmine cyah stop wi we have di last laugh (heh heh) 
  
  
 [Chorus] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Now you can do this on your own but everyone knows 
 That no one likes to be alone 
 So get on the floor (oh) and grab somebody 
 Ain't nothin but a white trash party (white trash party) (awoah) 
  
  
 [Vybz Kartel] 
 Street vybz a raise high grade a blaze 
 Drop di bomb gyal al qaeda ways 
 Weh di yaad gyal weh di yaad man deh 
 Kartel ah have a badman party (badman party) 
  
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem (Vybz Kartel)] 
 Pull a fifth of Bacardi from outta my underwear 
 And walk around the party without a care 
 Like a body without a head (oh) 
 (Mix up the street vybz overproof di white di red) 
 An tomorrow probably still be too high to get outta bed 
 (Now proably di way mi frass mi neeven recognize ma momma) 
 Mixin' Hennessey and Fanta with Pepto and Mylanta (oh) 
 (Suh mi fling offa santa wid a thirty-two spanna) 
 Miss the tree and hit Rudolph and two innocent bystanders(awoah) 
 So quit tryin' ta play the wall like you pawlin' 
 (mi ah di hero di dancehall Marcus Garvey) 
 They call me the Stephon Marbury of rap, darlin' 
 Cuz as soon as they throw on some R-Kelly I start ballin'(oh) 
 (Mi dash weh miney pon di gyal dem mi nuh busines) 
 But I'm not throwin' ones, fives, tens, or even twenties 
 I'm throwin' quarters, nickels, dimes (mi ah throw nannies) 
 Man I do this for them bunnies up at Denny's 
 From the north, east and west(oh), but when 
 It comes to them trailers in them South Parks 
 Muffle it, cuz homie that hood's tighter then Kenny's (heh heh) 
 So ladies if your belly button's not an innie then I'm outie 
 (Now jump inna di s-class fi dadi 
 C'mon) 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Now you can do this on your own but everyone knows 
 That no one likes to be alone 
 So get on the floor and grab somebody 
 Ain't nothin but a white trash party (white trash party) (oh) 
  
 [Vybz Kartel] 
 Street vybz a raise high grade a blaze 
 Drop di bomb gyal al qaeda ways 
 Weh di yaad gyal weh di yaad man deh 
 Kartel ah have a badman party (badman party) 
  
  
 [Bridge] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Now whether you're black, white or purple 
 If you're misunderstood 
 But you don't give a fuck 
 You weren't doin' shit that you should 
 Long as you know you're up to evil 
 And you're no damn good 
 Get on the floor, man, and rep your 'hood (ah ah awoah) 
  
  
 [Chorus] 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Now you can do this on your own but everyone knows 
 That no one likes to be alone 
 So get on the floor and grab somebody 
 Ain't nothin but a white trash party (white trash party) (oh) 
  
 [Vybz Kartel] 
 Street vybz a raise high grade a blaze 
 Drop di bomb gyal al qaeda ways 
 Weh di yaad gyal weh di yaad man deh 
 Kartel ah have a badman party (badman party) (awoah) 
 Party party party[Round 1: Eminem] 
 Aight, look! Any rapper saying those kind of rhymes 
 In this day and age, in this period of time 
 Tryin' to battle Eminem is worse than David Starr 
 Tryin' to battle Proof, Eye-Kyu, B-Fat and Bizarre 
 […] That's why you beg to differ me 
 You ain't got no style, plus you lack delivery 
 Not to brag, I don't mean to boast 
 Look, my face is pale, but you look like you seen a ghost 
 […] 
 You're that bitch, you couldn't slip into the zone 
 If I put banana peels around this fuckin' microphone 
 Go get a bull dozer, start from bottom to top 
 And tear this building down 
 ‘Cause that's the only way you're wrecking shopChorus: 
 Scratching: 
 "No...you hear me! You go to hell" -] Mr. Garrison 
  
 Verse One [Eminem]: 
 Yo 
 At birth I was born with the biggest middle finger on earth 
 The first time I went to stick it up the shit hurt 
 Mom wouldn't take me 
 The bitch still hates me 
 Shit, one day she said, "Go rake leaves," 
 I said, "Make me!" 
 I'm proud to announce I was probably the first kid 
 Who was kicked out of his house 
 For making fart sounds with his mouth 
 Arguing with me and mom was on-going 
 She called law enforcement when I broke the law mower 
 The slut gave me a truck when I turned sixteen 
 I went to start it and it screamed, "Please fix me!" 
 Back then, when Will Smith was still the Fresh Prince 
 And him and Jeff were still best friends, I guess then 
 I decided to cut class to rap full time 
 And get the fuck outta this fake ass school and rhyme 
 Anybody who thinks this fuckin attitude is a gimmick 
 Come and see me, see if I don't live up to this image 
 You fuckin' pricks! 
  
 Scratching: 
  
 "No...you hear me! You go to hell" -] Mr. Garrison 
  
 Verse Two [Obie Trice]: 
 How the fuck you gonna fuck with O Trice with a staff full of hoes 
 With one gat and a wack stack of flows? 
 A whole lot of lip 
 Thicker than Obie's shit 
 Oh shit they found your ass floatin' in the ocean 
 Body part corroded 
 Cast away 
 You stretched in a cast today 
 That's how a real bastard play 
 Do shit the bachelor way 
 Creek niggas will blast away 
 Y'all niggas ain't tough 
 Y'all niggas funny 
 Y'all need to roll on WB 20 
 Niggas think they 2Pacalypse Now 
 Until they catch a buckshot 
 Chicken pop a nigga's style 
 Niggas scared of the firm 
 Slim, Dirty Dozen and Trice 
 Come back like thieves in the night 
 Niggas jump, that's reason to fight 
 That's reason to rearrange your teeth with the right 
 Motherfucker[Eminem] 
 What's up with everybody beefin' 
 Everybody seem like they wanna beef 
 You know what I'm saying? 
 Everybody beefin' with everybody 
 This shit is crazy 
  
 [Verse 1: Dogmatic] 
 This is a bomb scare, fires on your hair 
 Terrorists live here, but I don't care 
 I'm making pot holes when I stomp, so don't stare 
 I stop to stomp competiton, with both fair 
 How dare, little soldier at ease 
 We shake down these streets, like Parkinson's Disease 
 We parking the road trees, plus load the weapons 
 Everything to six shooters, to high tech ones 
 If a green beans things, to my suggestion 
 Burn a big whole in your belly, like indigestion 
 With one question, who the fuck is Dogmatic 
 An underground nigga but this nigga's above average 
 It's serious! who can understand what I'm saying? 
 Yo Slim, tell them niggas (Eminem: We ain't playing!) 
 It's like you open a can of worms or smoked yams 
 I got bloody hands and burners that make you dance! 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 This shit is serious! Do you really want beef 
 Do you really wanna end up, missing yo front teeth 
 And see yo family, getting smoked like a blunt leaf 
 And wrapped up in a zip-lock bag, like lunch meat 
 This shit is serious! Do you really want beef 
 Do you really wanna end up, missing yo front teeth 
 And see yo family, getting smoked like a blunt leaf 
 And wrapped up in a zip-lock bag, like lunch meat 
 This shit is serious! 
  
 [Verse 2: Swifty McVay] 
 I'm the only one your bitch let touch her 
 Type a brother that'll, fuck yo mother, wit a fishnet rubber 
 I'mma misfit slash, nitwit 
 I love to put up biscuts, straight to a niggas lips, it'll fit 
 A biligerent and rowdy fellow 
 I'll dump yo body, and still fly away to Maui, on a teller 
 When it comes to beefin', it ain't no explain' 
 I'll change ya lauguage, wit a stainless 
 I'll contain, wit a name which to make you famous 
 I'mma deranged pit, I'll bend you till ya back touch ya anus 
 Don't ever take me to court, I'll whack the plantiff 
 Then beat the fuck out the baliff 
 A heinous, miscellaneous, nigga never miss, when the AK lift 
 I paint ya face wit, any weapon, just like "The Matrix" 
 They ain't steppin', don't even say shit 
 You heard about the bodies in my basement, you joinin' them, face it 
  
 [Hook] 
  
 [Verse 3: Proof] 
 Laugh indictive, like Kim lipstick, and get a nose bleed 
 My blow speed, is like my hands working ten stick shifts 
 Captain ask, to stick my finger in the barrel of a Mac 10 
 And snatching the driver out the black Benz 
 Smashing his contact lens, my life start when his contract ends 
 "Go kiss-and-tell, and contact Kim!" 
 Let's be factually, actually, y'all ain't after me 
 Got (???) wit +Regis+, y'all beef is without the +Kathy Lee+ 
 Told y'all my battlery, and go to war happily 
 How you gon' call my bluff, when you scared to send a fax to me 
 My factulty guns drawn, one wrong move dudey 
 And it's too heads on ya body, into a gangster movie 
 For lot being real, scared to pop wit the steel 
 It got skeletons in my house, every closet is filled 
 Now how does it feel, with this Baretta to ya dome 
 And to know that ya mom's know, that you was never coming home 
  
 [Hook] w/ Ab-libs 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 You know what I'm sayin' 
 You want beef, we taking it to yo face 
 Fuck it, Dirty Dozen, Slim Shady 
 D-12, this shit is serious!Hey yo, what do you think about two grown ass men 
 Living together? 
 Alright. What do you think about another grown ass man 
 Living right upstairs from them? 
 Well those two grown ass men 
 Living together on my nuts 
 And that shits right above them 
  
 When I rhyme somehow I think I must subliminally 
 Throwing viagra at these fags who got these hard-ons for me 
 But I suppose anything goes when it comes to my flows 
 Nothing is off limits except for Michaels' nose! 
 I didn’t know, I'm so sorry please tell me what I can do 
 To make it up to those of you who I offended. Ooh! 
 I got it, I got it, apology for Steve Harvey too, it’s in my pocket 
 (Oh wait, here it is) 
 FUCK YOU!! Hey! 
 What do you say Andre whats new? Life is good man I’m chilling, 50 how 'bout you? 
 Yayo's out of jail, Buck is out on bail, we’ll make it through, we always do 
 ODB, rest in peace, G-G-G-UNIT![Hook] 
 It's murder she wrote (it's murder she wrote) 
 It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked (for her to be smoked) 
 It's murder she wrote (it's murder she wrote) 
 It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked (for her to be smoked) 
 It's murder she wrote (it's murder she wrote) 
 It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked (for her to be smoked) 
 It's murder she wrote (it's murder she wrote) 
 It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked (for her to be smoked) 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Left the keys in the van, with a gat in each hand 
 Went up in Eastland and shot a policeman 
 Fuck a peace plan, if a citizen bystands 
 The shit is in my hands, here's yo' lifespan 
 And for what yo' life's worth, this money is twice than 
 Grab a couple grand and lamp in Iceland 
 See I'm a nice man but money turned me to Satan 
 I'm thirsty for this green so bad I'm dehydratin 
 Hurry up with the cash bitch, I got a ride waitin 
 Shot a man twice in the back when he tried skatin 
 I want the whole pie, I won't be denied nathan 
 Maybe I need my head inside straightened 
 Brain contemplatin, clean out the register 
 Dip before somebody catches ya 
 Or gets your description and sketches ya 
 The connection was the prime suspect 
 But I ain't set to flee the scene of the crime just yet 
 Cause I got a daughter to feed 
 And $200 ain't enough to water the seed 
 The best thing would be for me to leave Taco Bell and hit up Chess King 
 And have the lady at the desk bring 
 Money from the safe in the back, stepped in wavin the Mac 
 Cooperate, and we can operate, and save an attack 
 This bitch tried escapin the jack 
 Grabbed her by the throat, it's murder she wrote 
 You barely heard a word as she choked 
 It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked 
 But I slammed her on her back til her vertebrae broke 
 Just then the pigs bust in yellin "Freeze" 
 But I'm already wanted for sellin ki's 
 And bunch of other felonies from A to Z like spellin bees 
 So before I dropped to the ground and fell on knees 
 I bust shots, they bust back 
 Hit be square in the chest, wasn't wearin a vest 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Left the house, pullin out the drive backin out 
 Blew the back end out this lady's Jag, started blackin out 
 Pulled the Mac-10 out, stuck it in her face 
 Shut your yackin mouth, 'fore I blow the brain from out the back ya scalp 
 Drug her by her hair, smacked her up 
 Thinkin fuck it, mug her while you're there, jacked her up 
 Stole her car, made a profit 
 Grabbed the tape from out the deck and offed it out the window 
 Like the girl in "Set It Off" did 
 Jetted off kid, stole the whip, now I'm a criminal 
 Drove it through somebody's yard, dove into they swimmin pool 
 Climbed out and collapsed on the patio 
 I made it out alive but I'm injured badly though 
 Parents screamin: "Son, go in and call the police 
 Tell em there's a crazy man disturbing all of the peace!" 
 Tried to stall him at least long enough to let me leap up 
 Run in they crib and at least leave with some little cheap stuff 
 Actin like they never seen nobody hit a lick before 
 Smashed the window, grabbed the Nintendo 64 
 When they sell out in stores the price triples 
 I ran up the block jumpin kids on tricycles 
 And collided with an 80-year old lady with groceries 
 There goes cheese, eggs, milk and Post Toasties 
 Stood up and started to see stars 
 Too many siren sounds, it seemed like a thousand police cars 
 Barely escaped, must-a been some dumb luck 
 Jumped up and climbed the back of a movin dump truck 
 But I think somebody seen me maybe 
 Plus I lost the damn Nintendo and I musta dropped the Beanie Baby 
 Fuck it I give up, I'm surrounded in blue suits 
 Came out with a white flag hollerin "TRUCE TRUCE" 
 And surrendered my weapon to cops 
 Wasn't me! It was the gangster rap and the peppermint Schnapps 
  
 [Hook] 
 It's murder she wrote (it's murder she wrote) 
 It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked (for her to be smoked) 
 It's murder she wrote (it's murder she wrote) 
 It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked (for her to be smoked) 
 It's murder she wrote (it's murder she wrote) 
 It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked (for her to be smoked) 
 It's murder she wrote (it's murder she wrote) 
 It wasn't nuttin for her to be smoked (for her to be smoked)[Intro: Mark Avery] 
 Meet Eddie, twenty-three years old. Fed up with life and the way things are going, he decides to rob a liquor store. But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart and suddenly his conscience comes into play 
  
 [Verse 1: Dr. Dre] 
 Alright stop, now before you walk in the door 
 Of this liquor store and try to get money out the drawer 
 You better think of the consequence (But who are you?) 
 I'm your mothafuckin' conscience! 
  
 [Eminem] 
 That's nonsense 
 Go in, gaffle the money and run to one of your Aunt's cribs 
 And borrow a damn dress and one of her blond wigs 
 Tell her you need a place to stay, you'll be safe for days 
 If you shave your legs with Renee's razor blades 
  
 [Dr. Dre] 
 Yeah but if it all goes through like it's supposed to 
 The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you 
 Think about it before you walk in the door first 
 Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns! 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Fuck that, do that shit, shoot that bitch 
 Can you afford to blow this shit, are you that rich? 
 Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch? 
 Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids? 
  
 [Dr. Dre] 
 Man don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it (You're right!) 
 Not over this shit, drop the biscuit (I will!) 
 Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you 
 (You know what Dre, I don't like yo attitude) 
  
 [Hook] 
 These voices, these voices, I hear them 
 And when they talk, I follow, I follow 
 I follow, I follow all these voices 
  
 [Interlude: Mark Avery] 
 Meet Stan, 21 years old. After meeting a young girl at a rave party, things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom. Once again, his conscience comes into play 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem & (Dr. Dre)] 
 Now listen to me, while you're kissing her cheek 
 And smearing her lipstick, slip this in her drink 
 Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe 
 (Yo, this girl's only fifteen years old 
 You shouldn't take advantage of her, it's not fair) 
 Yo, look at her bush, does it got hair? 
 Fuck this bitch right here on the spot, bare 
 'til she passes out and she forgot how she got there 
 (Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie, Kids?) 
 No but I seen the porno with Sun Doobiest! 
 (Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?) 
 Man, fuck that, hit that shit raw dog and bail 
  
 [Hook] 
  
 [Interlude: Mark Avery] 
 Meet Grady, a 29-year-old construction worker. After coming home from a hard day's work, he walks in the door of his trailer park home to find his wife in bed with another man (What the fuck?) 
  
 [Verse 3: Dr. Dre & (Eminem)] 
 Alright, calm down, relax, start breathing 
 (Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheating 
 While you at work she's with some dude trying to get off 
 Fuck slitting her throat, cut this bitch's head off!) 
 Wait, what if there's an explanation for this shit? 
 (What, she tripped, fell, landed on his dick?) 
 Alright, Shady, maybe he's right Grady 
 But think about the baby before you get all crazy 
  
 [Eminem & (Dr. Dre)] 
 Okay, thought about it? Still wanna stab her? 
 Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her? 
 That's what I did, be smart don't be a retard 
 You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes? 
 (What you say?) What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember? 
 (I'ma kill you, mothafucka!) Uhh-ahh, temper, temper 
 Mr. Dre, Mr. N.W.A, Mr. AK 
 Coming straight outta Compton, y'all better make way 
 How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent? 
  
 [Dr. Dre] 
 Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went 
 Been there, done that, aw fuck it, what am I saying? 
 Shoot 'em both Grady, where's your gun at?Yo yo yo 
  
 My mom sent me up to the store with a food stamp 
 For a pack of cigarettes and a book at the news stand (Here) 
 Two dudes ran up, jumped out of a blue van 
 I looked down at the ground and picked up a huge branch 
 I swung it at the first dude, the other one with him 
 Seen it snap so fast it looked like it broke before it hit him 
 So he tried to rush, I swept his legs, pinned him and bit him 
 He came back with six or seven dudes screaming "Get him!" 
 I grabbed one, lit him on fire, pinned and bit him 
 The next faggot gave me his shoes like they didn't fit him 
 One by one I just kept droppin' 'em in a rhythm 
 Then I woke up swingin' in the middle of the kitchen 
  
 (Damn... damn... damn...)Detroit 
  
 There is a resilience that rises from somewhere deep within your streets 
 You can't define it, but you can feel it 
 You can feel it overflowing from the people who call you home 
 From people who are always proud to declare, 'I'm from Detroit' 
 You took our country from it's infancy, into industry 
 And your name still carries with it the idea of a nation built on steel, muscle and sweat 
 You became the city that carried the country 
 The city, like the sport, is built on dreams 
 People who would drive to you, driven to excel 
 Who know nothing is accomplished without hardwork, without sacrifice 
 When you hurt, we hurt 
 Your streets witness our struggle 
 Your bricks are our rage through the emptiness of each house shuttered, of each factory closed 
 We've lived through the ups and the downs 
 But we remain, Detroit 
 We can never turn our backs on you Detroit, because we are you 
 My home 
 The home of Motown, Cadillac and Joe Louis 
 Through all this, we cannot be defeated, because we have never been defeated 
 You've built us, you've moved us, you've shaped us 
 Sometimes down, but never out 
 Take strength in us, your people 
  
 Stay up Detroit[Eminem] 
 Yo yo, back again 
 Ha-ha-ha (Agh!) 
 Turn it up a little bit, pick it up pick it up 
 Yo pick it up, pick it up 
 Yo pick it up 
 If you find a phone call in a Tim Westwood line, what the hell you gonna do? 
 Pick it up! Pick it up! 
  
 [Proof] 
 If your ball falls out with a pad on the floor, what the hell you gonna do? (Pick it up! Pick it up!) 
  
 [Eminem] 
 While I'm smacking up girls to keep the hoes in check 
 The double S-Slim Shady wreck the London set 
 Sit back and relax while my squad smokes crack 
 And tap your man back and be like (Did you see that?) 
 Ah yes, coming from the mother freaking Midwest 
 Lift your shirt up and let me see them big breasts 
 We molest girls three times a day, three times a night 
 I got G-fulls of criminal peoples 
 Jumping out when we ten deep 
 Beat you down and speed off in a Benz Jeep 
 Brothers be like: Eminem changed his style up! 
 Shut the hell up, I'm still seven miles slut! 
 It's '97 so get with it 
 Peep that back in the day stuff when that Infinite tape was hitting 
 Listen, must we forget 
 I originated all that rough shit, that talk drug shit 
 That left motherfuckers who said our sound like [?] 
 Detroit city is where I grew up bitch 
 Peace to all my Outsidaz in Jers 
 Forget what you heard, this is three and one third 
  
 [Proof] 
 If you got an STD and your penis falls on the floor (What the hell you gonna do?) 
 Pick it up! Pick it up! (Ahhh yeah yeah yeahhh pick it up, pick it up) 
 If you see a Slim Shady tape on the fucking rack 
 What does Dre do? (ooohhhh) 
 (On the uckin rack, on the uck without the f) 
  
 [Eminem] 
 I get deaf MCees stepped to the left 
 I bust MCees and my name is Wyclef 
 How you doing? I play the banjo, piano whatever it is I rock like Barry Manilow 
 Yo it's Slim Shady on the freaking deck 
 Y'all don't check it out I wreck the Frim Shady set 
 The Frim Shady is what I said because I'm freaking drunk 
 I pick it up, pick it up, I sound like a punk 
  
 [Proof] 
 Ayo they wish that they could ban me black 
 Yo, you standing back 
 Def methods, ayo got my hand in that 
 Who ever running it, ayo you get a jammed knee cap 
 Make the healthiest in your fam, handicap 
 You a fan of rap, my clan will tap your school, home, ya bitch house 
 Pull my nine millie, you gonna die with your fist out 
 Enemas is over with 
 Venomous is cobra spit 
 Aggressive dialect with aggressive sober pitch 
 My bionic phonics, demolish your logic, demonic can't stand the chronic impossible to hold on like vomit 
 Mics I palm it, cause they the bomb-it 
 Like terrorist is Islamic, I enter your atmosphere like a comet 
 The new god of rap, call me bigger Thor 
 Snap your back when I slap your ass in a figure four 
 From miles around they can feel us lethal 
 I make hardcore groups like Wu Tang sound like the village people (haha) 
 Be no sequel, of the energize, finish style, bust 'em down right now, the winner is... me 
 Then my man Mr. Paul we gonna star 
 Make your heart beat for your trying get down with us 
 We ball to the end, it's time to pretend 
 My friend to the left of me, the death of me 
 Me recipe to be with this don't even test MCees 
 Y'all can't get with us it's the dress, dress on ya(grunting) 
 (ringing tone) 
 Oh, answer the phone you fucking slut transvestite 
 With a cock, you're a man, aren't you? 
 You're a fucking man 
 (Hello?) Oh, hey 
 Um, is this, uh, I'm looking for a sensual, I don't know 
 Bodyrub, or something (Uh-huh, that's what I do) 
 Listen, what type of bodyrubs, like 
 I'm looking for like, um, I don't know, like 
 A cock massage... You know what I mean? (Right) 
 Like something like, I'm kind of, like 
 I don't know, I'm sure you do this everyday 
 Um... I'm just- I don't know, I'm looking for something like 
 My wife, my wi- I'm married, um 
 My wife does not satisfy me the way that you could[Intro] 
 Eminem 
 Slim Shady 
 Representing Detroit, you know what I'm sayin' 
 With my man DJ Yooter, Dirty Dozen shit 
 What y'all know about Dirty Dozen shit 
 Shout out to [?] 
  
 [Verse] 
 Distorted, ordered by the court to be aborted 
 Snorted, right before these vocals were recorded 
 Morbid, too perverted 
 Stay alerted 
 Went to the club, murdered the first slut that flirted 
 Deserted, abandoned by my mama and it hurted 
 The worst nut my daddy ever squirted 
 Screamin, cussin, buzzin when I'm bustin, open sores pussin 
 I need another dose of Robitussin 
 Fussin over nothing 
 An army couldn't calm me 
 Bitching like a lady 
 Shady like a palm tree 
 What the fuck you call me, who you calling soft? 
 I'm still fresher than you and bitch I'm fallin off 
 I'm horny, and corny girls won't even cross my path 
 I'm so dirty, I don't even wash my ass 
 Never took a shower, cower from a scower 
 Prowler, clean your house out in half an hour 
 What's your flavor, how you want it, ripe or sour? 
 Rifle power 
 Snipe you from the Eiffel Tower 
 Too much weed, I'm bout to malfunction 
 Style's drunken, carjacking Al Duncan 
 Slim Shady, peace 
  
 [Verse] 
 Spray and wreck, with my man Sway & Tech 
 Freestylin' on the mic, rappers ain't know what's comin' next 
 Yo, I'm in a 'Vette breakin' necks 
 Cashin' checks, whiplashin' necks, smashin' decks 
 Freestyle right off the top, rappers ain't ready 
 Cut 'em like a machete 
 The Freddy of rap, hold it steady 
 Bustin' rhymes off the top of the dome wit' a popular poem 
 Forget a team, man, I can stop you alone 
 Killin' rappers, rappers ain't ready for the way I do it 
  
 [Lost Verse] 
 Fluent when I be kickin' these rhymes, ain't nothin' to it 
 'Cause I be bustin' 'em 
 Rappers ain't ready, ain't got no stamina 
 And I be bustin' rhymes on Sway & Tech in front of the camera 
 Damage ya like Ja Rule 
 Hey you, I'll mess up your debut 
 Rappers ain't ready for the way you can't save you 
 They can't save you, you're gone, you're finished 
 You're done, you're diminished 
 Rappers will never replenish 
 'Cause I'm Infinite, and when I step in it 
 In a minute, I'ma kill it when I bust rhymes 
 Rappers ain't ready, 'cause I don't feel it 
 Yo...[Pre-Recorded Message] 
 Hi, baby, thanks for calling 9-7-0-SLUT 
 The hottest live one-on-one line in the city 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Oh... (Hmm?) Brenda 
 (You'd like to speak to Brenda) 
 Yeah, I need to speak to Brenda, like, immediately 
 *laughing* (Hold on, ok?) 'Aight 
 Yo, this bitch is about to catch, bitch about to catch it 
 Fuckin' slut 
 (dialing tone) 
 (Yo) Brenda (Brenda's not here) 
 Brenda's not there? (No) It sounds like you? 
 You know what? You didn't think I knew, did you? 
 (I, you know-) You told me you didn't do this shit 
 This Brenda, right? Don't play games with me, girl! 
 This Brenda, right? You said you didn't do it, bitch! 
 (Who are you, what you want?) What are you- I want Bren- 
 This ain't Brenda? (No, motherfucker, it ain't Brenda) 
 Yo, don't-don't-don't call me a motherfucker, bitch 
 I swear to God, I come up there and pop all you fucking sluts 
 I told you Brenda, don't be fuckin' round on me 
 You fuckin' bitch! I told you! 
 "Aw, I don't do it, I don't do it!" 
 You motherfucking slut, I'll kill you, bitch! 
 I break your motherfucking neck 
 (You getting mad at me, I'm not Brenda) 
 Yo, don't play games with me, girl! 
 Don't play ga- When you come home tonight 
 I swear to God, yo, all of your shit will be outside! 
 You hear me girl?! I ain't playing with you no more! 
 I bought you everythi- "I saw yoooou, walking in the way" 
 You know what I'm saying, girl?! 
 I don't play that shit! (Crack kills, you know) 
 I don't play that shit, crack?! (Crack kills) 
 I ain't in no crack, bitch, this Slim motherfucking Shady 
 You understand me? Slim *chka-chka* Hi, my name is! 
 Bitch, you don't play with me, when yo- 
 When you come home tonight, girl 
 Your shit is all out on the motherfucking lawn 
 That's my word, is bond, yo! 
 (You live in a-You live in a house?) 
 (You sound like you live in the projects) 
 My word is bond, when you come home, girl 
 You last now, girl, you motherfucking slut 
 I know you fucking him, girl, I know you fucking him 
 You know what I'm saying? 
  
 I know you fucking him 
 I know you fucking him 
 I know you-Music. 
  
 I had met Paul, Em's manager, a few years ago and we always talked about the possibility of getting together to work on something at some point down the road. We just worked out it was meant to be at this time. I think it's unlike any current hip hop songs. If you listen to what's going on in hip hop, this is not what this is. Em wanted to do something kind of throwback to some of the early records that we were making in the old days. And it more reflects that energy of the early days of hip hop. 
  
 We were in the studio working on a bunch of different ideas and this was one of the later ones to come up. It started with a sample and the sample that we started with ended up not being in the record. The song sort of evolves. It started one way, it kind of got programmed and written to and then it changed into a whole different song. 
  
 And I felt the track was really strong and didn't really know what direction Em was gonna go in vocally. And then when I heard the vocals, that was pretty, exciting because it was not at all what I was expecting. And just the energy in it and the lyrics and the style of it. It's so well done and so smart and so funny. It's just great. In this song, we ended up using a wired guitar and hook and everything else pretty much is programmed. 
  
 It reminds me of old hip hop videos and I think it's really entertaining and I look forward to see it all put together and done. But in the shooting stages, the pieces I've seen look really entertaining.[Intro] 
 [Doctor] Scalpel 
 [Nurse] Here 
 [Doctor] Sponge 
 [Nurse] Here 
 [Doctor] Wait...he's convulsing, he's convulsing 
 [Nurse] Ah 
 [Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him 
 [Nurse] Oh my! Oh my God 
 [Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him 
 [Nurse] Oh my God 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 These are the results of a thousand electric volts 
 A neck with bolts 
 (Nurse we're losing him, check the pulse) 
 A kid who refused to respect adults 
 Wore spectacles with taped frames and a freckled nose 
 A corny looking White boy 
 Scrawny and always ornery 
 Cause I was always sick of brawny bullies picking on me 
 And I might snap, one day just like that 
 I decided to strike back and flatten every tire on the bike rack 
 My first day in junior high this kid said 
 It's you and I, three o'clock sharp this afternoon you die 
 I looked at my watch it was 1:20 
 I already gave you my lunch money 
 What more do you want from me 
 He said, don't try to run from me, you'll just make it worse 
 My palms were sweaty 
 And I started to shake at first 
 Something told me, try to fake a stomach ache, it works 
 I screamed, oww, my appendix feels like they could burst 
 Teacher, teacher, quick I need a naked nurse 
 "What's the matter" 
 I don't know, my leg, it hurts 
 "Leg? I thought you said it was your tummy" 
 Oh I mean it is, but I also got a bum knee 
 "Mr. Mathers, the fun and games are over 
 And just for that stunt, you're gonna get some extra homework" 
 But don't you wanna give me after school detention 
 "Nah, that bully wants to beat your ass and I'mma let him" 
  
 [Hook x2] 
 Brain damage 
 Ever since the day I was born 
 Drugs is what they used to say I was on 
 They say I never knew which way I was going 
 But everywhere I go they keep playing my song[Intro] 
 Another motherfucking exclusive! 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 I kissed a boy 
 And I liked it 
 The taste of his hairy fat dick 
  
 [Pre-Chorus] 
 (Hahahaha, that's the remix) 
 Shade 45 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 I kissed a boy 
 And I liked it 
 The taste of his hairy fat dick 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem and Masta Ace] 
 (Ken Kaniff Voice) 
 Peace! 
 I am the man 
 But I'm not the one with the can in his hand 
 I'm down with a different kind of street band 
 And I appear from place to place as the Music Man aka Masta Ace['My Name Is' plays in the background] 
  
 [Eminem:] 
 Paul, you're obviously not going to help me with this. I can see that. So... 
 Nah it's cool, don't worry about it 
  
 [Paul:] 
 I'm Sorry, I'm just trying to organize it 
  
 [Eminem:] 
 Okay, well I'm just trying to do some fucking drops that got fucked up that... Sorry 
  
 [Paul:] 
 Really? 
  
 [Eminem:] 
 Yeah 
  
 [Paul:] 
 Alright, well, maybe... maybe... uh... you wanna start over? What do you wanna do? 
  
 [Eminem:] 
 I don't know. Are. You probably haven't been listening. I think that this one is okay 
  
 [Vocal Scratching] 
 [Public Enemy #1 starts playing in the background] 
  
 [Eminem:] 
 Good Morning! Welcome to the Shady Classics Mixtape with DJ Whoo Kid[Hook] 
 You know what you're doing when you do it for the ladies 
 So won't you please step up to the mic baby? 
  
 [Verse] 
 It's been a little boring lately 
 I've been playing in poison ivy and pee 
 I've been itching to get in some S-H-I-T 
 You heard what I S-A-I-D 
 This club? I guess they I.D 
 But they just let me in without it so I guess they like me 
 I put on my best dang white tee 
 But the...[Chorus] 
 I'm not scared of your stolen power 
 See right through you any hour 
 I won’t ease your strain 
 You'll be taking it slow, feeding my flame 
 Shuffling the cards of your game 
 And just in time 
 In the right place 
 Suddenly I will play my ace 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Ha ha 
 Treat women like property, possessive like a noun with an apostrophe S's, I'd probably stalk broccoli, yes it's 
 Socrates with a block of cheese and a dollar stuck in this soda pop machine 
 Got emcees dropping to knees, copping a plea bargain they keep sobbing, like, "please stop it" 
 Aftermath, bitch, still Detoxing 
 Looking for us? We over here like we're eavesdropping 
 Apparently still mad over what I said last year 
 On that Vegas track, I just look stupid and stand there 
 And try to act like I can't hear 
 What? Sorry dear, but I think Pam Grier just stuck a tampon in my damn ear 
 Just then Foxy Brown, walks up and knocks me down 
 Kicks me and socks me, ow 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'm not scared of your stolen power 
 See right through you any hour 
 I won’t ease your strain 
  
 [Verse 2: Karacter] 
 I'm not scared, I'm just a white kid in a black neighborhood 
 Side terror 
 Wipe off this fear, to not thinking clear 
 I need to get my head straight 
 I do feel like a Nazi in a Jewish camp 
 Concentration 
 A foolish act to puzzle you fools with the coolest raps like Rubik's cube that I stole just to solve then give it back 
 Stupid face your making bitch 
 Loose the mask 
 Oh wait 
 I'm sorry that's my bad 
 Looks like shit 
 Might be obvious and a waste of my time to say you look like the crap from a sewage plant 
 But as you were saying 
 Back to your rant 
 Lex Luther just got circles ran round his puny ass so fast his neck snapped and it dropped his pants 
 You've just been schooled by Clark Kent 
 Shopping at the market 
 In the parking lot next to your apartment and part from it 
 You tried to look hard as shit but you pooed your pants 
 And I didn't even get to use superman yet 
 And he's my strong suit 
 Fall soon back on, to attack these villains, and kill em just passing em back and forth, feeling em then put an axe in their nads 
 That's what I call a hacky sack bitch 
 Cut cut and pass 
 You think your lucky 
 It's Chucky the mother fucking assassin 
 Castrating stuck in the cabinet sucking a bottle of Aspirin 
 Preparing a statement while he sharpens his blade 
 Carves it across his face as he coughs 
 Testing his voice is it raspy 
 Nope, just naturally nasty 
 Get ready for the ass whooping he's bout to serve up like a double cheese burger from Arby's 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'm not scared of your stolen power 
 See right through you any hour 
 I won’t ease your strain 
  
 [Verse 3: Karacter] 
 Dearest resident 
 Don't flip past this channel and skip it 
 A paramedic is in your living room slitting scissors through your flannel get up 
 So get up, feel better, and add up what I said on that chalk board of yours boarded up inside your head 
 You're almost dead 
 I'm your guardian 
 Here we are 
 Reminiscing this shit as we walk down the hall of wits 
 Shelve these thoughts 
 Highlight reel of selfish tall feminist broads 
 Everyone that's screwed you over when they said they'd call 
 Seminar, phantom here I am sent to ward these demons off 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Off misogyny 
 Sodomy, how many chocolaty jell-o pops can he possibly lace, walking atrocity 
 No wonder you scoff at me, it’s still obvious I invented prick 
  
 [Karacter] 
 Rest in heaven, I'm evidently milking this game like 
 Her breasts are dripping 
 Guess I'm busy, but unless you bitches are seven teen and eleven months I don't want to hear the pessimism 
 Tell the rest I'm on readers digest while I'm on the toilet 
 Pizza sky rocket 
 Gossip isn't 
 Close to the shit 
 I must be fast, lickity split 
 There's no exaggeration, I mean it Brittany 
 A fan of Trina 
 Get's me like I wanna jam my weener in Christina 
  
 [Eminem] 
 And Serena and Selena 
 Scarlett Johansson, Tiffani Amber Thiessen 
 Give me a damn good reason to not wanna slip an Ambien in a Cappuccino 
 And try to have a threesome with Janet Reno 
  
 [Karacter] 
 Stuff her with cream like a spicy popper of jalapeno 
 Appetizer, my main meal's Destiny 
 Now, If I die I'll come back to haunt your back side grizzly 
 Capitalize the "Ass" in fucking Caspar and Wendy 
 As Detroit looking like a power outage, just a black out city 
 Crack house just down the street of McDonalds, where you lost your virginity 
 Oh dity, I'm out 
 Explosive, you're left with the call 
 You might want to 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Head for the fire exits, I'm coming through like a wrecking-ball 
  
 [Karacter] 
 Test us, we're scared of nothing at all 
  
 [Chorus] 
 I'm not scared of your stolen power 
 See right through you any hour 
 I won’t ease your strain 
 You'll be taking it slow, feeding my flame 
 Shuffling the cards of your game 
 And just in time 
 In the right place 
 Suddenly I will play my aceComing Soon 
  
 Premiered on Shade 45 10/14/2017[Intro] 
 A lotta people ask me stupid fucking questions 
 A lotta people think that what I say on record 
 Or what I talk about on a record 
 That I actually do in real life or that I believe in it 
 Or if I say that I wanna kill somebody, that 
 I'm actually gonna do it or that I believe in it 
 Well shit, if you believe that, then I'll kill you 
 You know why? 'Cause I'm a criminal 
 You're goddamn right 
 Yeah, I'm a criminal 
 I'm a criminal 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge 
 That'll stab you in the head, whether you're a fag or lez 
 Or the homosex, hermaph or a trans-a-vest 
 Pants or dress, hate fags? the answer's "yes" 
 Homophobic? Nah, you're just heterophobic 
 Staring at my jeans, watching my genitals bulging 
 That's my motherfuckin' balls, you'd better let go of 'em 
 They belong in my scrotum, you'll never get hold of 'em! 
 "Hey, it's me, Versace! Whoops, somebody shot me! 
 And I was just checking the mail, get it? Checking the 'male'?" 
 How many records you expecting to sell 
 After your second LP sends you directly to jail? 
 Come on, relax guy, I like gay men 
 Right, Ken? Give me an amen! (A-men!) 
 "Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus 
 Heal this child, help us destroy these demons 
 Oh, and please send me a brand new car 
 And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital" 
 Preacher preacher! Fifth grade teacher! 
 You can't reach me, my mom can't neither 
 You can't teach me a goddamn thing cause 
 I watch TV and Comcast cable 
 And you ain't able to stop these thoughts 
 You can't stop me from toppin' these charts 
 And you can't stop me from droppin' each March 
 With a brand new CD for these fuckin' retards 
 And to think, it's just little old me 
 Mr. "Don't Give a Fuck" still won't leave 
  
 [Hook] 
 I'm a criminal! 'Cause every time I write a rhyme 
 These people think it's a crime to tell 'em what's on my mind 
 I guess I'm a criminal! But I don't got to say a word 
 I just flip 'em the bird and keep going, I don't take shit from no one 
 I'm a criminal! 'Cause every time I write a rhyme 
 These people think it's a crime to tell 'em what's on my mind 
 I guess I'm a criminal! But I don't got to say a word 
 I just flip 'em the bird and keep going, I don't take shit from no one 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 My mother did drugs, hard liquor, cigarettes, and speed 
 The baby came out, disfigured ligaments indeed 
 It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as-(dialing tone) 
  
 (Hello?) 
 Hi, this is Ariel? 
 (This is) 
 This is Marshall 
 (Listen, I'm in a serious-) 
 Don't hang up! 
 God... Are you gonna leave me too? 
 Ariel... Hi (What's up with you?) 
 I'm sorry, I'm s- (What’s your nationality?) 
 I'm sorry, uh-I'm a-I'm a white male 
 Single now,sorry, what should I do, Ariel? 
 Are you gonna leave me too? 
 Everybody's left me (If I'm gonna leave you?) 
 Yes (Tell me, what's up with you?) 
 I'm sorry, I-I, you know? 
 She comes in, from work late 
 (Your girlfriend?) 
 She comes in at late last night, okay? 
 I don't know where she's at 
 All I know is that she's got these little, like 
 Red marks on her neck 
 I'm like "Are those hickeys?" 
 "No, these aren't hickeys" I'm like 
 "You've been fooling around, I can't have it you" 
 She's done this to me before 
 I wish you could just, help me, like 
 I don't know, I'm-I'm kinda horny 
 (Huh? I'm listening) I've got candles lit 
 (What?) Candles, I've got candles, and got 
 The music playing, like a-- Can you hear it? 
 The music? (Why do you [?]) 
 The mu-the music... oh, sorry (Just tell me why) 
 I don't know, I'm just horny 
 I need it-I don't know 
 I don't know if I need to just, like, jack off 
 Or like have sex with my girlfriend when she comes 
 I don't know anymore, you know? I'm just 
 (Relax) What? ([?] I think you're going crazy, 'kay?) 
 (Just take a bomb, okay, and go to sleep) 
 (And stop calling people and crying) A bomb? 
 (Uhuh) You want me to swallow a bomb, Ariel? 
 You want me to kill myself, right here, on national TV?! 
 (National TV? What's (stuttering and laughing) 
 I-I'm what? I don't understand, is that spanish or something? 
 I don't understand, what are you- 
 You know, I'm just an english regular guy, I'm a white kid, okay? 
 I grow up, you know 
 I don't know, oh my god... You know what? 
 If you're not gonna jack me off, you fucking slut 
 You can suck my dick, you fucking whore[Hook: Proof] 
 Shady records 
 Ain't nobody better than us 
 Shady records 
 More cheddar than us 
 Shady records 
 Ain't nobody better than us 
 Shady records 
  
 [Verse: Eminem] 
 I done figured this rap shit out, I map shit out strategically 
 Timing is everything and it seems to be the key 
 To my success I've murked for me-uh... (slurs words) repeatedly 
 (Laughter and slurs words) to beat MCs 
 Timing is everything and it seems to be the key 
 Let 'em diss you first and respond immediately 
 In order to master the art of war, don't start a war 
 Shit not no more, we done scared 'em off, there are no more 
 Victims to sic, I'm fixin' to pick some and start shit 
 Ain't got no pictures to rip and shit to throw darts in 
 Ain't got no more targets, shit Irv and Jeff 
 We done beat 'em to death, Benzino in debt 
 It seems to just be no one left to bully, Bush is pussy 
 Why the fuck you think his name's Bush? Bush is bushy 
 Ain't shit going on, shit I been gettin' so bored lately 
 I'm thinkin' of doing some shit to get you to go and hate me again 
 Tell the truth I like the shit better then 
 Shit I can spit better, I'm bout to kick that shi-shit again 
 Look, the game just ain't the same, it's changin' 
 Shit Dre's quittin', Jay's quittin', now it's just wanksta 
 Sayin' the same shit, it's fake and it's ancient 
 It's makin' me so bored I'ma just make a new language 
 Fubba you cubba cubba, ubbu you ubbu ooba 
 Yooba can subba my dibidick through a tubba 
 Suma newma lama, I'm not a human 
 I'm a suicidal super sonic suicidal uni-bomber 
 You think I'm the new Osama, press think I'm the new Madonna 
 Jeffrey Dahmer left me with his legacy to carry on, uh 
 Lotta talk and rumors on us, who's the hottest? To be honest 
 Hip-hop ain't been the same since 2Pac moved to Cuba on us 
  
 [Hook: Proof] 
 Ayy yo 
 Shady records 
 They ain't better than us 
 Shady records 
 They ain't getting more cheddar than us 
 Shady records 
 They ain't better than us 
 Shady records 
 Motherfucker more cheddar than us[Intro] 
 Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity 
 To seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment 
 Would you capture it or just let it slip? 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Yo! His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy 
 There's vomit on his sweater already: Mom's spaghetti 
 He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready 
 To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting 
 What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud 
 He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out 
 He's choking, how? Everybody's joking now 
 The clock's run out, time's up, over—blaow! 
 Snap back to reality, oh, there goes gravity, oh 
 There goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad, but he won't 
 Give up that easy, no, he won't have it, he knows 
 His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter, he's dope 
 He knows that, but he's broke, he's so stagnant, he knows 
 When he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's 
 Back to the lab again, yo! This whole rhapsody 
 Better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him 
  
 [Chorus] 
 You better lose yourself in the music 
 The moment, you own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo 
 You better lose yourself in the music 
 The moment, you own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo 
 You better… 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 His soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping 
 This world is mine for the taking, make me king 
 As we move toward a New World Order 
 A normal life is boring; but superstardom's 
 Close to post-mortem, it only grows harder 
 Homie grows hotter, he blows, it's all over 
 These hoes is all on him, coast-to-coast shows 
 He's known as the Globetrotter, lonely roads 
 God only knows, he's grown farther from home, he's no father 
 He goes home and barely knows his own daughter 
 But hold your nose, 'cause here goes the cold water 
 These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product 
 They moved on to the next schmoe who flows 
 He nose-dove and sold nada, and so the soap opera 
 Is told, it unfolds, I suppose it's old, partner 
 But the beat goes on: da-da-dom, da-dom, dah-dah, dah-dah 
  
 [Chorus] 
 You better lose yourself in the music 
 The moment, you own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo 
 You better lose yourself in the music 
 The moment, you own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo 
 You better… 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 No more games, I'ma change what you call rage 
 Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged 
 I was playin' in the beginning, the mood all changed 
 I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage 
 But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cypher 
 Best believe somebody's payin' the Pied Piper 
 All the pain inside amplified by the 
 Fact that I can't get by with my nine-to- 
 Five, and I can't provide the right type of life for my family 
 'Cause man, these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers 
 And there's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life 
 And these times are so hard, and it's gettin' even harder 
 Tryna feed and water my seed, plus teeter-totter 
 Caught up between bein' a father and a prima donna 
 Baby mama drama, screamin' on her, too much for me to wanna 
 Stay in one spot, another day of monotony's 
 Gotten me to the point I'm like a snail, I've got 
 To formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot 
 Success is my only motherfuckin' option—failure's not 
 Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got 
 To go; I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot 
 So here I go, it's my shot, feet: fail me not 
 This may be the only opportunity that I got 
  
 [Chorus] 
 You better lose yourself in the music 
 The moment, you own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo 
 You better lose yourself in the music 
 The moment, you own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo 
 You better… 
  
 [Outro] 
 You can do anything you set your mind to, manLyrics will be available when/if the song is released. Stay tuned! 
  
 [From snippet] 
  
 [Hook] 
 Tell me what time, what time, what time 
 What time you sucking it? 
 What time you sucking it? 
 Tell me what time (tell me what time) 
 What time, what time 
 What time you sucking it? 
 What time you sucking it?[Intro: Eminem] 
  
 1, 2, 6, 8, 10... 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem in the style of Vanilla Ice but rapping as himself] 
  
 YO! I'm Back, to bust another fresh track 
 You say, that I have the ability to fly 
 Fly right pass ya ass, when I blast 
 Ya everytime I grab the mic, I crash a- 
 Nother rhyme it's a crash landin' 
 Everytime I grab the mic, I'm kinda outstandin' 
 Cuz no-one can step to, a single a rhyme 
 And I say " Yo, what kept you? 
 Holmes, you going too slow 
 You're too slow for the flow " and I know 
 That Eminem is returning 
 To bust the rhyme and suckers are learning 
 That when I kinda go offbeat a little bit 
 I step back to the rhyme and say 
 That I bust a rhyme all day 
 Make a sucka say "Hey! 
 I cannot step to you Eminem 
 Cuz you are so bad, Damn 
 You're the baddest motherfucker in the whole damn land" 
 And you're right, cuz I am 
 And I don't go offbeat, not once 
 Cuz I grab the mic and bust for months 
 And I don't give nobody another turn 
 Cuz everytime I grab the mic, I don't let a brother burn 
 Because he can't step to a single rhyme that I do 
 Cuz you knew you're through 
  
 [Verse 2: Proof (rapping as MC Hammer)] 
  
 Yeah, yeah, oh yeah 
 Now I grab the microphone, you know I am imperial 
 Is a production that rocking your stereo 
 Don't front with me, cuz I am the boy 
 I get on the microphone and I destroy 
 Now you can take a body, that's not from Oakland 
 Hammer, Hammer, Hammer keeps on choking, yeah 
 I can do it right and nobody will know 
 For I am the Hammer and I'm running the show 
 They come from West Indies south of California 
 I wake you motherfuckers up, early in the morning, yo front! 
  
 [Interlude: Eminem (hereafter rapping as Vanilla Ice)] 
  
 Yo Hammer, that was pretty good man 
 I don't think I can step to you man, I don't know 
 (Proof:  ... I'm great!) 
 I'll just try but it seems like you outdo me, no matter what I do 
 (Proof shouts something unintelligible) 
 Here I go anyway 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
  
 Here I am, back to attack the whole damn land 
 You know that Vanilla Ice is hype 
 I grab this mic and I rhyme all night 
 MC Hammer cannot step to me 
 Because I got the rhymes and I'm truly 
 So damn hype and the place to be 
 I'm rhyming on the mic on the M-I-C 
 M-I-C is the abbreviation 
 I grab the mic and rock the whole nation 
 You know that Vanilla Ice, is so precise and I get so nice 
 Get so nice, I start developing manners 
 And I whoop your brain like "Scanners" 
 Because Vanilla Ice is bad 
 Now what you got to say about that dad? 
  
 [Interlude: Proof] 
  
 You can't step to me boy 
 I sell more records! 
 Yo. I know here I go.  Yo Manny gimme something yeah! 
  
 [Verse 4: Proof] 
  
 Now everytime I go, you know I like to start 
 My name is MC Hammer 
 I rule hip hop charts 
 Seven million seven million seven million sold 
 And your shit barely even touch gold! 
 Now everywhere I go, they know that I'm a star 
 I'm the  H -A-M,  the M -E -R 
 Cuz every time I rock it they know I rock the mic 
 I am MC Hammer 
 And you know what I am like, ROAR! 
  
 [Interlude] 
  
 Eminem:  I don't know man, I think you got me, man. I don't know. I'mma try.  Check this out.  Fallin'... 
 (Music speeds up) 
 Proof:  Ain't no one here you sucka! 
 (Music returns to normal) 
  
 [Verse 5: Eminem] 
  
 Fallin' on the concrete real fast 
 Jumped in the car, slammed on the gas 
 Bumper to bumper the avenue's packed 
 I try to get away 'cause the jackers jack 
 So I step to the rhyme and I just say I'm 
 Gonna bust a rhyme for the whole damn mind 
 Then you say that I cannot bust a rhyme 
 But you gonna get got MC Hammer 
 Because you know you get on the mic 
 And drop poor grammar 
 And you can't slam a jam because I know that I am the man 
 And all the teenagers they like ME 
 You know why? It's a scheme agents 
 Have developed to sell me 
 Because I bust a rhyme so cleverly 
 And you know that I got knowledge 
 Cuz I'm in show biz 
 And I bust a rhyme all the time 
 So MC Hammer you cannot step to 
 A single rhyme that I do cuz I knew 
 That you are through, you are washed up 
 Oh, so step to the back room 
 And I told you that I have to scold you 
 Because I am Vanilla Ice 
 I grab this mic and I get so precise 
 And you cannot step 
 So why don't you get swept? 
  
 [Interlude: Proof] 
  
 Now you makin' me mad boy 
 Now I'm gonna get your ass 
 Now you gonna know who's on this motherfuckin' mic! Yo! 
  
 [Verse 6: Proof] 
  
 It's about time that I turned out your lights 
 Now I see the Vanilla Ice tryin' a chill in my freezer 
 You just don't know that your mama is a geezer 
 She say Hammer, yo Hammer, yo Hammer Hammer Hammer 
 But she jump on me because I'm a bad mamma jamma 
 I did your bitch, Hammer don't play 
 I got the funky shit and it goes this way 
 I wish your whole ass try to step, you can't touch this 
 You fuck with the Hammer you'll be walking on crutches 
 Yeah that's what I'm sayin', I ain't playin' 
 I'm Hammer, I'm Hammer, yes it's the Hammer Man 
 My lips may be big but I can rap better 
 Than looking at your ass, you look like a piece of cheddar! 
 Yo though you steppin' to me, you know it's no dream 
 I dig Vanilla Ice and turn his ass into whipped cream 
 So you know who's the best by far 
 It's the muthafuckin' HammeR with a capital R, roar! 
  
 [Interlude] 
  
 Eminem: Now you made me mad.  And you know what happens when you make Vanilla Ice mad Hammer? 
 Proof:  What? 
 Eminem:  I don't like it.  So yo! (Pauses) 
 Proof: You scared boy? 
 Eminem: I ain't scared of you, Hammer. I'm just thinking. I gotta think of something clever 
 Eminem whispers: Ice Ice baby, too cold too cold 
  
 [Verse 7: Eminem] 
  
 When I'm through with you 
 You'll be goin' to heaven 
 Cuz I smash the glasses and fuck 3-5-7 
 24/7 they was bangin' my cock 
 I said "yo fuck Hammer 
 Get a piece of the rock, yeah" 
 I said yeah. My name is Vanilla Ice, you can't 
 Step to me, you thought that you was a champ 
 But I stepped on your ass like a piece of carpet 
 And rented you for sale like an upstairs apartment 
 Yo, that's my clever metaphor 
 And every time I grab the mic you know 
 Kids like me cuz I'm better for 
 Their ears, because their mothers and parents 
 Like to hear the way I rhyme and I make an appearance 
 And say hey, I got a blond streak 
 And that's why people like me cuz I'm hard as concrete 
 I'm always on beat when I do this show 
 You know that Vanilla Ice has to go cuz I'm so damn fresh! 
  
 [Verse 8: Proof] 
  
 Now you steppin' to me punk 
 There is no maybes 
 You steppin' to me wrong and I'm gonna ICE ya baby! 
 So you say what's the matter, why Hammer loves to rap 
 Cuz all that shit you talkin' to Hammer is bullcrap 
 Now I know a rhyme every day I'm ready 
 I'm down with Dougie Fresh, Van-L is not ready 
 Now everywhere I go, on MTV Rap 
 They know I'm the best cuz now I don't take no crap 
 Now Vanilla Vanilla he's beaming out Hammer 
 They say yo Hammer don't put me on the slammer 
 I said yo sucka, stupid muthafucka 
 You messin with me but I'm no sucka 
 I already pumped it up, and already got it started 
 So steppin to me white muthafucka you'll feel broken-hearted 
 So I'm gonna pass the mic and you know about me 
 Hammer get off the fuckin' mic!!! I'm outie! 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
  
 You blew me out, man, you beat me[Eminem] 
 Good morning children! 
 My name is Dirty Steve, I'll be your substitute teacher for today 
 (Clinton Sparks!) 
  
 Come with me, don't be so mad, angry little man 
 Dirty Steve will be here soon, he will hold your hand 
 Walking through the forest, he will show you porno mags 
 You can beat his dick while he sucks yours, cuz he's a fag[Intro] 
 Where's my snare? 
 I have no snare in my headphones 
 There you go, yeah, yo, yo 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Have you ever been hated or discriminated against? 
 I have: I've been protested and demonstrated against 
 Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times 
 Sick as the mind of the motherfuckin' kid that's behind 
 All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans, explodin' 
 Tempers flarin' from parents, just blow 'em off and keep goin' 
 Not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell long as I'm breathin' 
 Keep kickin' ass in the morning and takin' names in the evenin' 
 Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth 
 See, they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out 
 Look at me now! I bet you're probably sick of me now 
 Ain't you, Momma? I'ma make you look so ridiculous now! 
  
 [Hook] 
 I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you 
 I never meant to make you cry 
 But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet 
 (One more time!) 
 I said I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you 
 I never meant to make you cry 
 But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I got some skeletons in my closet 
 And I don't know if no one knows it 
 So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it 
 I'ma expose it; I'll take you back to '73 
 Before I ever had a multi-platinum-selling CD 
 I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months 
 My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch 
 ‘Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye 
 No, I don't, on second thought, I just fuckin' wished he would die 
 I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leavin' her side 
 Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try 
 To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake 
 I maybe made some mistakes 
 But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face 'em today 
 What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb 
 But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets out of that gun 
 ‘Cause I'da killed him, shit, I woulda shot Kim and him both 
 It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show 
  
 [Hook] 
 I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you 
 I never meant to make you cry 
 But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet 
 (One more time!) 
 I said I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you 
 I never meant to make you cry 
 But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Now, I would never diss my own momma just to get recognition 
 Take a second to listen 'fore you think this record is dissin' 
 But put yourself in my position, just try to envision 
 Witnessin' your momma poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen 
 Bitchin' that someone's always goin' through her purse and shit's missin', goin' through public housing systems 
 Victim of Münchausen's Syndrome 
 My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't 
 'Til I grew up, now I blew up 
 It makes you sick to your stomach, doesn't it? 
 Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, Ma? 
 So you could try to justify the way you treated me, Ma? 
 But guess what, you're gettin' older now 
 And it's cold when you're lonely, and Nathan's growin' up so quick he's gonna know that you're phony 
 And Hailie's gettin' so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful 
 But you'll never see her—she won't even be at your funeral! 
 See, what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong 
 Bitch, do your song, keep tellin' yourself that you was a mom! 
 But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get? 
 You selfish bitch, I hope you fuckin' burn in hell for this shit! 
 Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me? 
 Well, guess what, I am dead—dead to you as can be! 
  
 [Hook] 
 I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you 
 I never meant to make you cry 
 But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet 
 (One more time!) 
 I said I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you 
 I never meant to make you cry 
 But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closetDetroit 
  
 There is a resilience that rises from somewhere deep within your streets 
  
 You can't define it, but you can feel it 
  
 You can feel it overflowing from the people who call you home 
  
 From people who are always proud to declare, 'I'm from Detroit' 
  
 You took our country from it's infancy, into industry 
  
 And your name still carries with it the idea of a nation built on steel, muscle and sweat 
  
 You became the city that carried the country 
  
 The city, like the sport, is built on dreams 
  
 People who arrived here, driven to excel 
  
 Who know nothing is accomplished without hardwork, without sacrifice 
  
 When you hurt, we hurt 
  
 Your streets witness our struggle 
  
 Your bricks are our rage through the emptiness of each house shuttered, of each factory closed 
  
 We've lived through the ups and the downs 
  
 But we remain, Detroit 
  
 We can never turn our backs on you Detroit, because we are you 
  
 My home 
  
 The home of Motown, Cadillac and Joe Louis 
  
 Through all this, we cannot be defeated, because we have never been defeated 
  
 You've built us, you've moved us, you've shaped us 
  
 Sometimes down, but never out 
  
 Take strength in us, your people 
  
 Stay up Detroit[Intro: Frogg] 
 Woah, uh get your hands in the air 
 And get to clapping 'em and, like, back and forth 
 Because this is what you thought it wasn't 
 It be's the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen 
 I be the F-R-O the double G 
 And check out my man, he goes by the name of um, er… 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady 
 I'm an M-80, you little like that Kim lady 
 I'm buzzin', Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer 
 Cursin' at you playas worse than Marty Schottenheimer 
 You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from 
 You ain't gon' sell two copies if you press a double album 
 Admit it, fuck it, while we coming out in the open 
 I'm doing acid, crack, smack, coke and smoking dope then 
 My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic 
 "Hi, Marshall!" 
 I have a disease, and they don't know what to call it 
 Better hide your wallet 
 'Cause I'm coming up quick to strip your cash 
 Bought a ticket to your concert just to come and whip your ass 
 Bitch, I'm coming out swingin', so fast it'll make your eyes spin 
 You getting knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson 
 The proof is in the pudding, just ask DeShaun Holton 
 I'll slit your motherfucking throat worse than Ron Goldman 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 So when you see me on your block with two Glocks 
 Screaming "Fuck the world" like 2Pac 
 I just don't give a fuck 
 Talking that shit behind my back 
 Dirty macking, telling your boys that I'm on crack 
 I just don't give a fuck 
 So put my tape back on the rack 
 Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack 
 I just don't give a fuck 
 But see me on the street and duck 
 'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned, and snuffed 
 'Cause I just don't give a fuck 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a search to crush a milkbone 
 I'm everlasting, I melt vanilla ice like silicone 
 I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason 
 I'm colder than snow season when it's 20 below freezin' 
 Flavor with no seasonin', this is the sneak preview 
 I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review 
 I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals 
 This is lyrical combat, gentlemen, hold your pistols 
 But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles 
 Slim Shady, Eminem was the old initials 
 Extortion, snortin', supportin' abortion 
 Pathological liar, blowing shit out of proportion 
 The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic 
 Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict 
 Half animal, half man 
 Dumping your dead body inside of a fucking trash can 
 With more holes than an afghan 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 So when you see me on your block with two Glocks 
 Screaming "Fuck the world" like 2Pac 
 I just don't give a fuck 
 Talking that shit behind my back 
 Dirty macking, telling your boys that I'm on crack 
 I just don't give a fuck 
 So put my tape back on the rack 
 Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack 
 I just don't give a fuck 
 But see me on the street and duck 
 'Cause you finna get stuck, stoned, and snuffed 
 'Cause I just don't give a fuck 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Somebody let me out this limousine! I'm a caged demon 
 On stage screamin' like Rage Against the Machine 
 I'm convinced I'm a fiend 
 Shooting up while this record is spinnin' 
 Clinically brain dead, I don't need a second opinion 
 Fuck droppin' a jewel, I'm flippin' a sacred treasure 
 I'll bite your motherfuckin' style, just to make it fresher 
 I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches 
 Sick of nagging bosses bitchin' while I'm washin' dishes 
 In school I never said much, too busy having a headrush 
 Doing too much rush had my face flushed like red blush 
 Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed 
 Went to gym in 8th grade, raped the women's swim team 
 Don't take me for a joke, I'm no comedian 
 Too many mental problems got me snortin' coke and smokin' weed again 
 I'm going up over the curb, driving on the median 
 Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 So when you see me on your block with two Glocks 
 Screaming "Fuck the world" like 2Pac 
 I just don't give a fuck 
 Talking that shit behind my back 
 Dirty macking, telling your boys that I'm on crack 
 I just don't give a fuck 
 So put my tape back on the rack 
 Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack 
 I just don't give a fuck 
 But see me on the street and duck 
 'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned, and snuffed 
 'Cause I just don't give a fuck 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 Shit, fuck everybody! 
 Outsidaz, Pacewon, Young Zee 
 (Fuck the entire world!) DUIn a recent sit-down with MTV News’ Tim Kash, 50 laughed off recent rumors that Em — who has all but disappeared from the public eye in recent years — has been packing on the pounds, and that as a result of his weight gain, has become a recluse, venturing out of his Detroit-area mansion only to gorge himself on meals from Taco Bell and Outback Steakhouse. The G-Unit captain insisted that fans are going to be seeing a slim-and-trim Eminem real soon. 
  
 “Em is in shape right now. He looks good. I seen him in Detroit. He’s gonna look real good when you see him return,” Fif laughed. “He’s in shape right now.” 
  
 The rapper has been on hiatus ever since releasing his official Shady Records mixtape, Eminem Presents the Re-Up, in December of 2006. In mid-2007, he called in to Angie Martinez’s show on New York radio station Hot 97 to say he was “in limbo” and “debating” whether to release another album . Then, in January of this year, news broke that he had been rushed to a Detroit-area hospital for complications related to pneumonia , and in at least one of those reports, sources were quoted as saying his weight had exceeded 200 lbs. 
  
 Those rumors — coupled with a National Enquirer story that quoted an “insider” as saying that the rapper “[has] got a double chin, a potbelly and droopy man-breasts. And he’s living a reclusive lifestyle in an attempt to hide his new body” — had fans worried about Eminem. But 50, who in recent weeks has battled rumors about his own weight thanks to online photos that show him looking extra gaunt, said that those worries are unfounded. According to him, Em’s fine and in fighting shape (or at least, balling shape). 
  
 “The last time I seen him we played basketball together,” 50 said. “He had a knee injury, so we chilled for a little bit.”1998"Just Don't Give a Fuck" 
 1999"My Name Is" 
 "Guilty Conscience" (feat. Dr. Dre) 
 "Role Model" 
 2000"The Real Slim Shady" 
 "The Way I Am" 
 "Stan" (feat. Dido) 
 2002"Without Me" 
 "Cleanin' Out My Closet" 
 "Lose Yourself" 
 2003"Superman" 
 "Sing for the Moment" 
 2004"Mosh" 
 "Just Lose It" 
 "Like Toy Soldiers" 
 2005"Mockingbird" 
 "Ass Like That" 
 "When I'm Gone" 
 2006"Shake That" (feat. Nate Dogg) 
 "You Don't Know" (feat. 50 Cent, Cashis & Lloyd Banks) 
 2009"We Made You" 
 "3 a.m." 
 "Beautiful" 
 2010"Not Afraid" 
 "Love the Way You Lie" (feat. Rihanna) 
 "No Love" (feat. Lil Wayne) 
 2011"Space Bound" 
 2013"Berzerk" 
 "Survival" 
 "Rap God" 
 "The Monster" (feat. Rihanna) 
 2014"Headlights" (feat. Nate Ruess) 
 "Guts Over Fear" (feat. Sia)[Intro] 
 Uh, uh, uh, uh, alright, alright 
 Uh, Slim Shady, yo, yo, yo 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 It's only fair to warn I was born with a set of horns 
 And metaphors attached to my damn umbilical cord 
 Warlord of rap that'll bash you with a 2 by 4 board 
 And smash into your Honda Accord with a 4-door Ford 
 But I'm more toward droppin' an acapella 
 To chop a fella to mozzarella worse than a helicopter propeller 
 Got you locked in a cellar, with your skeleton showing 
 Developin' anorexia, while I'm standin' next to ya 
 Eating a full course meal watching you starve to death 
 With an IV in your vein feeding you liquid Darvocet 
 Pumping you full of drugs, pull the plugs on the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs 
 Who were picked up in an ambulance and driven 
 To receiving with the asses ripped out of they pants 
 And given a less than 20-percent chance of livin' 
 Have a possible placement as a hospital patient 
 Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement 
 Doctor Kevorkian has arrived to perform an autopsy on you while you scream "I'm still alive!" 
 Driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp 
 And pulling your Adam's apple out through your mouth 
 Better call the fire department 
 I've hired a arson to set fire to carpet 
 And burn up your entire apartment 
 I'm a liar to start shit 
 Got your bitch wrapped around my dick so tight you need a crowbar to pry her apart with 
  
 [Outro] 
 Motherfucker! Slim Shady, bitch! 
 Recognize, for the '99! Album February 23rd! 
  
 (dialing tone)[Verse] 
 Come here spittin' with non written 
 Non fiction 
 Rappers try to step to this with no prediction 
 It doesn't matter cause I'm smashing and bashing and crashing 
 I hate rappers with a passion when I'm chilling with DJ Fashion 
 Yo, I need a frickin' Kleenex or I die like River Phoenix 
 When I'm chilling with Phoenix 
 With two Coronas I'm on the microphone and I'mma own this 
 Yo and I'mma bone this 
 In Arizona 
 Yo, rappers that ain't able 
 That can't stay stable 
 I'm on two turntables 
 With my man 
 But he doesn't matter cause he kicks lyrics galore 
 And he's only 5'4" 
 Yo check it out, I bust rhymes and get groovy 
 My man got carded at a rated R movie 
 But it really didn't matter he wasn't insulted 
 He said "I'm 27 years old. Yo, I'm an adult kid." 
 But yo, still 
 Slim Shady gets ill with the skill 
 And I'mma always gonna build and kill 
 My baby's mama just to piss the world off 
 Just to piss the girl's off 
 Yo, I hurl off 
 The top of the building 
 Kill women and children 
 And then it hit me 
 Suddenly my wrist's tried to slit me 
 Couldn't believe it 
 Yo, y'all couldn't conceive it 
 It's Slim Shady 
 I'll fuck a girl in her cleavage 
 Bleep that out and you can keep it 
 Just bleep it 
 Yo, y'all keep it a secret 
 I'm top secret 
 Like Pop Secret 
 Rappers, they don't wanna see 
 Slim Shady, I'm from the motherfuckin' D[Kuniva] 
 Check my vocals, 'cause you know what I'm about 
 It's best to play like O.J. Simpson and I just stab out 
 Why did you enter? You didn't comprehend 
 See this is a battle for MCs who think they might win 
 But fuck the battle, let's take it to the streets 
 'Cause you a pussy, oh well, if you are what you eat 
 Now you can go get your crew ? you now 
 ? me wrong ? and all this shit gon be blew out 
 Claiming you jumped out bitch 
 Nigga we bust in the bitch, you talk more shit than Reggie Miller 
 Never spent nothing more, nothing less 
 The first single that you drop is "I wanna be fresh" 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Any rapper sayin' those kind of rhymes 
 In this day and age, in this period of time 
 Trying to battle Eminem is worse than David Starr 
 Trying to battle Proof, Eye-Kyu, B-Flat and Bizarre 
 ? that's why you beg to differ me 
 You ain't got no style plus you lack delivery 
 Not to brag, I don't mean to boast 
 Look, my face is pale, but you look like you seen a ghost 
 You're that bitch, you couldn't slip up in the zone 
 If I put banana peels around this fucking microphone 
 So get a bull dozer, start from bottom to top 
 And take this building down 'cause that's the only way you're wrecking shop[Verse 1: Champtown] 
 Get your rusty ass over 'fore I put a shine to it 
 See man, it's man I trust so I'mma rhyme to it 
 20% out of a hundred groups are mediocre 
 They took a medicine effect and I'm a pretty choker 
 So once you got a couple microphones well I'mma rep 'em 
 You got some Nile rapper rivers too, well I'mma check 'em! 
 Because they new to this, I'm true to this! 
 They shouldn't be doin' this 
 A lot of rappers reppin' keepin' miles is a few in this 
 Game, to maintain, I keep it going on 
 You hear the guitar and the funky beat I'm flowin' on 
 I don't tell 'em when I see it, I just spot it 
 Just runnin' me, have soul and ain't the only person got it 
 And blacks don't have to act white if they like Red Hot Chili Peppers 
 And whites dont have to act black if they like Salt-n-pepa 
 Cause I like a lot of people [?] mucus on the [?] 
 So I'm Blackened like Metallica, look at me in shock 
 But nothing, else matters wherever I may roam 
 The microphone's my best friend and the stage is my home 
 Our music got the sounds, our rhythms got the hooks 
 I listen to Kenny Rogers, Marvin Gaye and Garth Brooks 
 I listened to that [?] that's [?] and [?] 
 But music is good music, the other, is mess 
 The [?] you chocolate and a peppermint 
 What color is my soul? Here's a hint: let's hook 'em(Ed. Note: Please help finish transcribing.) 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Livin' like a sleuth 
 ... ingenuity 
 ... voraciously ... acuity 
 ... 
  
 [Hook] 
 But don't chew with your mouth full 
 Don't chew with your mouth full 
 Cause if you chew with your mouth full 
 You'll end up biting your toes 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 ... 
 Tossin' curves that are nerve-wrackin' 
 [Irv?] slackin' I'm throwin' pitches uh switches 
 Which is trickery, victory's repetitious 
 Though weaker ones and overeager ones that just get ate up 
 Though many will often try to duplicate the style I made up 
 If my weight up it wouldn't matter, you're slow as a paraplegic 
 Whoops you missed, here's my fist, eat it 
  
 [Hook] 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 ... 
 Frostbite 
  
 [Verse 4] 
 You take out crews by yourself take out this one 
 I'm a soloist chaos is a soloist pick one 
 He's about to put more tracks in your soul 
 And put your crew in a pile and jack em up like a totem pole 
 I give you a dance and make you change direction or 
 Have a spot reserved in a handicapped parking section 
 How the hell can you leave when your trainless? 
 Your smooth sailing hit a storm and looks likes your failing 
 Left a band stranded empty handed 
 Put so much as a toe in my way and get branded 
 I'm standing colossal drag you out like a fossil 
 With a rap so hot it will cause a snot in your nostril 
 Take you out take you out with simplicity 
 I'm shocking so bad I'll make you shit electricity 
 Try flip me or whip me you fucking fed bon appetite eat the concrete dick head 
  
 [Hook] 
  
 [Outro] 
 ... 
 When will he ever learn? 
 I guess never(These are the rules) 
 This is brought to you by Alchemist 
 (That's right) 
 Mr. Porter 
 Umm... 
 These are the hip-hop don'ts 
 (Royce is here. Royce is absolutely here) 
 Starting now, yes 
 Royce da 5'9" is here 
  
 If you have an emergency it cannot be with an urgency 
 And if it is with an urgency in your rush to emergency surgery 
 You cannot be burned in third-degree 
 (At all) At all 
 And if you're gonna murder me 
 It cannot be like you never heard of me 
 You gotta know it's you have to know me 
 (You can go to surgery for a burn but it just can't be third degree) 
 Yeah yeah you could go if it's 
 If it's a second-degree burn okay 
 You can be rushed to emergency surgery 
 But there can be no urgency 
 Absolutely not 
 No urgency 
  
 (If you want to be a pimp) you cannot have a limp 
 (No, straight walk he must walk straight line, straight line if you want to be a pimp, in your rhymes. This is a fact) 
 Yes you you know 
 (No wounded pimps!) 
 You can be either or 
 You can be a pimp, and if you are a pimp and that's what you choose to do that's fine 
 It's all good, just do not have a limp 
 (Absolutely not) 
  
 You cannot be a mobster and eat lobster 
 (At all. You better be allergic to shellfish) 
 (Eat something else, Goddamit) 
 If you are a mobster 
 Stay the fuck away from lobster 
  
 (And, and for anybody that want to start a war 
 And you want to drop a bomb 
 It cannot be on Vietnam 
 Vietnam's already over you can't drop bombs) 
 You cannot drop a bomb like Vietnam 
 (You cannot drop a bomb like anything. Fuck that. No more bomb dropping) 
 If it's gonna be a missile it cannot be a SCUD missile 
 It cannot be a SCUD missile 
 If you're gonna freestyle it cannot be 'til you're senile 
 So, you can freestyle that's fine, but do not do it until you're senile 
 Just before you're about to push to the point of senility 
 You cannot die hard 
 You cannot die hard like Bruce Willis 
 (Yes, yes) 
 No more no more 
 (Your poems can't be popular 
 They can't be popular 
 Can't be off of the dome) 
 If it's off of the dome it cannot be a popular poem 
 (Nobody can know it okay) 
 No more off the top of the head 
 Off the top of the dome 
 Off the cerebellum 
 None of that shit 
 No more, no more 
  
 (Now if you're getting brains from a girl 
 There's no way you can become smarter from that 
 You cannot become smarter from brains 
 You can, like she gave me brains and I'm fucking genius? No. No) 
 If a girl gives you brain it cannot make you smarter 
 (You gotta be dumb as fuck) 
 You can get brain that's fine 
 Just do not come out of it a smarter person 
 (No, no) 
 Speaking of smarter person: knowledge and college 
 You are not allowed to, you can have knowledge 
 But it better not be from college 
 (You better be in high school) 
 (No, no) 
 You cannot manage to do damage 
 No more 
 No more manage to do damage 
 If you're gonna manage something it cannot be damage 
 Stay away from damage 
 (If you have, if you have 
 For anybody that's got one skill 
 Do not use it for any means, by any means to pay bills 
 Your skills cannot pay the bills) 
 If you have skills you cannot use them to pay the bills 
  
 (You think just because you're in the booth it's the fucking truth? 
 No! You can lie in the booth too) 
 From now on, lie in the booth 
 Because you cannot be in the booth to spit the truth to the young youth 
 No more 
 If you're in the booth you have to stay away from truth 
 (You can lie in the booth) 
  
 Yes you can have have a backpack 
 This is serious, this is serious 
 (Listen to this) 
 I don't care if you have a backpack in your first verse 
 You got three verses and you try to have a knapsack in the third verse? 
 (Uh uh. Absolutely not!) 
 No! You cannot have a backpack and a knapsack! 
 (Get the fuck outta here. Pick another song) 
 You pick one or the other 
 (Pick another song. Go to hell) 
 Pick a fucking fanny pack, I don't care 
 But you cannot have a backpack and knapsack 
 (What is wrong with you) 
  
 And if there's gonna be violence it cannot rhyme with silence 
 (No, no no) 
 In advance we're telling you that 
 (It's gotta be loud. It's gotta be loud, screaming, horrible violence) 
 You cannot have a riot and be quiet 
 (No) 
 (Royce: I hate to break it to you bro, but that shit gotta be 1 minute long...) 
 (We gonna break it up!) 
  
 (You cannot hit the block at all by any means with a Glock, you cannot...) 
 You can't wait, be on the block with the Glock 
 And make it cock 
 (No no no. It's too much, it's too much) 
 No block Glock cock 
 No more of that 
  
 (You know what ? I'm gonna just go out there and say this 
 No more jewelry temperature 
 I don't care how cold, what temperature degree your fucking jewelry 
 Jewelry doesn't have a temperature) 
 Yes no, it cannot be frozen below 400 million degrees 
 Like it just has to, if you're gonna- 
 It cannot be a temperature 
 (It's true. What if it's 90° outside and you got jewelry on? You fucking hot. Stop lying. You ain't cold 'cos you got jewelry. That's a lie. Stop lying to the people) 
  
 You cannot be on the level with the devil 
 You cannot - 
 (Party. You can't party, don't party with a lil Bacardi) 
  
 You're gonna be, if you're gonna be lyrical 
 You better not - 
 You better stay the fuck away from miracles 
 (That's it. No miracles) 
 (You just a regular mortal human you don't perform miracles if you lyrical) 
 No no no 
 No more love in the club 
 No more 
 If I go in VIP they don't need to see ID, right 
 (No more come on ) 
 (They know who you are if you're going to VIP they know your face, you paid for it) 
 If you're gonna get buried it cannot be in the cemetery 
 If you are in the cemetery you cannot be buried 
 No more 
 (Leave it alone) 
  
 And you can't, you cannot 
 If you go to jail you cannot make bail 
 If you're gonna have swagger 
 You cannot be like Mick Jagger 
 (You gotta be like Lou Ferigno or someone like that) 
 You can be like Mick Jagger but you... it's one or the other 
 You have to have one or the other 
 No more rhyming Mick Jagger with swagger, no 
 No more spectacular with vernacular 
 (You got to stay away from that one) 
  
 Why do you feel that you have to say that a pencil is a utensil 
 A pencil is a fucking utensil! Right or wrong? 
 It's already a utensil you don't have to make 
 (It's a double negative!) 
 Once you got the pencil you already have the utensil 
 The utensil is the pencil so you don't need to 
  
 You cannot use a vest to protect your chest 
 (Come up with some other shit 
 Come up with something else for it to protect. Get creative) 
 Maybe the vest protects your abdominals 
  
 (If someone's gonna murder you they obviously heard of you right? How do you...?) 
 I think we went we went over that but  I do think that is important to stress 
 Because if I murder you like I never heard of you 
 What is the difference? 
 Do I not feel as bad because I murdered you because I never heard of you? 
 (It's fucking stupid) 
 And if I did hear of you I might actually feel bad, it my weigh on my conscious or something? 
 (Royce: ...What kind of gratitude do you get from murdering a person you don't know anyway?...Yeah you wanna know...) 
 (You get no points. It makes no sense) 
  
 If you're gonna be near death it cannot be on your last breath 
 You cannot 
 You can't be on your last breath near death 
 But if you've got bodies it's not like John Gotti 
 You cannot have bodies like John Gotti 
 You cannot rhyme casket with basket, no more 
 Money, funny, honey, bunny, no more 
 (Static, attic, no, it's over) 
 If you like static, you cannot be an addict for it 
 (Moderation. Static in moderation. No addictions) 
 Moderation, static in moderation, static in moderation 
 (You cannot be addicted to static. Forget it. Those days are over) 
 You can't you can't 
 You can start static, if you start static just you cannot get addicted to it 
 If you become an addict for static, it's automatic 
 (Ooh you can't be automatic either. It has to be manual) 
 It cannot, yeah, yo 
 Manual and it cannot be - 
 The static has to be... 
 The static cannot be automatic 
  
 I think this is- I think this is good 
 (It's a good start) 
 Yeah 
 (I think they'll be a better MC if they follow these rules) 
 Yes, this will make you 
 If you really want to be if you really want to be considered one of the greats 
 (Mmm-hmm) 
 You can't do any of this shit 
 And if you're gonna keep it real, you cannot pack the steel 
 You can pack the steel but you probably shouldn't keep it real 
 Keep it fake 
 (Royce: Be a fake ass motherfucker) 
 Yep be fake with the steel or be real without the steel 
 You cannot keep it real and pack the steel 
 You cannot rip shop in hip hop to the tip-top, you just can't 
 You can't 
 (Stay ground level stay ground level) 
 Ground level 
 If you're gonna make me drip drop cuz I flip flop 
 I cannot be in flip flops 
  
 If you're a new up-and-comer right in hip-hop and you don't understand the history of hip-hop, that these things have been rhymes way too many times by now, we're just giving you, you know what I'm saying, “The Don'ts” 
  
 Listen I'm telling you something, I'm trying to talk to you, I'm telling you something I'm telling you something young 'un. You're coming up in this game? These are the fucking rules, like it or not. You cannot say this shit, and if, (Facts! Big facts!) and if you come up missing it cannot be like Hoffa. No. No more missing like Hoffa. I think they found Hoffa anyways, didn't they? Yeah they found Hoffa. So you can't. No more missing like HoffaIt's a long year, pretending I belong here 
 One day, I plan to be a family man, happily married 
 I wanna grow to be so old that I have to be carried 
 'til I'm glad to be buried[Eminem] 
 I fucking hate you, I can't stand you 
 I'll rip your titties off, and them, I'll hand you 
 You're ugly, you won't hug me, you're dumb, you're stupid 
 I'm fat, lazy and crazy, you think I'm Shady? 
 I am Shady, you stupid bitch 
 Take your silicone implants, now you gotta Slim chance of 
 Fuckin' with me ever again 
 I got your silicone, you can't fuck with me 
 But I'm still alone, in my cell, mad as hell 
 Might as well give you some more shit to sell 
 Fuck![Intro] 
 Yo, yo 
 (Huh, huh, huh, huh) 
 Aight, aight (huh) 
 Slim Shady 
 Yo, yo, yo 
  
 [Verse] 
 It's only fair to warn, I was born with a set of horns 
 And metaphors attached to my damn umbilical cord 
 Warlord of rap that'll bash you with a 2 by 4 board 
 And smash into your Honda Accord with a 4 door Ford 
 But I'm more towards droppin' an a cappella that'll chop a fella 
 To mozzarella, worse than a helicopter propeller 
 Got you locked in the cellar with your skeleton showin' 
 Developin' anorexia while I'm standin' next to ya 
 Eatin' a full course meal watchin' you starve to death 
 With an IV in your veins feedin' you liquid darvocet 
 Pumpin' you full of drugs, pull the plugs 
 On the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs 
 Who were picked up in an ambulance and driven 
 To receivin' with the asses ripped out of they pants and given 
 A less than 20 percent chance of livin' 
 Have a possible placement, it's a hospital patient 
 Storin' the dead bodies in grandma's little basement 
 Doctor Kevorkian has arrived 
 To perform an autopsy on you while you scream, "I'm still alive!" 
 Drivin' a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp 
 And pullin' your Adam's apple out through your mouth 
 Better call the fire department, I've hired an arson 
 To set fire to carpets and burn up your entire apartment 
 I'm a liar to start shit 
 Got your bitch wrapped around my dick 
 So tight, you need a crowbar to pry her apart with 
  
 [Outro] 
 Motherfucker 
 Slim Shady, bitch 
 Recognize 
 For the 99 
 I'm on February 23rd[Intro] 
 Mic check, one-two, we recording? 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I'm cancerous so, when I diss, you wouldn't wanna answer this 
 If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus 
 I'll strangle you to death, then I'll choke you again 
 And break your fucking legs 'til your bones poke through your skin 
 You beef with me, I'ma even the score equally 
 Take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally 
 I get too blunted off of funny home grown 
 ‘Cause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono 
 (Oh no!) So if I said I never did drugs 
 That would mean I lie and get fucked more than the President does 
 Hilary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert 
 I ripped her fuckin' tonsils out and fed her sherbet 
 My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge 
 Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out his blond dreads 
 Every girl I ever went out with has gone les' 
 Follow me and do exactly what the song says 
 Smoke weed, take pills, drop out of school, kill people 
 And drink, jump behind the wheel like it was still legal 
 I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal 
 So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill 
 Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin' skill 
 ‘Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill 
 But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist 
 How the fuck can I be white? I don't even exist 
 I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave 
 Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave 
 My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave? 
 And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave? 
  
 [Hook 1] 
 Now follow me and do exactly what you see 
 Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me? 
 I slap women and eat shrooms then OD 
 Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me? 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Me and Marcus Allen was buttfuckin' Nicole 
 When we heard a knock at the door, must've been Ron Gold 
 Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold 
 Killed them both then smeared blood on the white Bronco 
 My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk 
 I slapped Garth Brooks out of his rhinestone shirt 
 I'm not a player, just a ill rhyme sayer 
 That'll spray a aerosol can up at the ozone layer 
 My rap style's warped, I'm running out the morgue 
 With your dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch 
 Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon with a cape on 
 And beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn 
 I'm 'bout as normal as Norman Bates 
 With deformative traits, a premature birth that was four minutes late 
 Mother, are you there? I love you 
 I never meant to hit you over the head-[Intro: Mark Avery & Eddie] 
 Meet Eddie, 23 years old. Fed up with life and the way things are going (I'm going fucking insane), he decides to rob a liquor store (I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more, homes). But on his way in he has a sudden change of heart (Shit is mine), and suddenly (I gotta do this) his conscience comes into play (I gotta do this). 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem & Dr. Dre, & Eddie] 
 Alright, stop (Uh?), now before you walk in the door 
 Of this liquor store and try to get money out the drawer 
 You better think of the consequence 
 (Who are you?) I'm your mo{therfuckin'} conscience! 
 That's nonsense! Go in, gaffle the money, and run to one of your aunt's cribs 
 And borrow a damn dress and one of her blond wigs (Can I borrow this?) 
 Tell her you need a place to stay, you'll be safe for days 
 If you shave your legs with Renee's razor blades 
 Yeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed to 
 The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you 
 Think about it before you walk in the door first 
 Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns 
 Bump that, do that {shit}! Hit that lick! 
 Can you afford to blow this hit, are you that rich? 
 Why'd you care if you scare her to death? Are you that chick? 
 Do you really think she gives {a fuck} if you have kids? 
 Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it (You're right!) 
 Not over this lick (Stop!), drop the biscuit (I will!) 
 Don't even listen to Slim, yo, he's bad for you 
 You know what, Dre? I don't like your attitude 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 These voices, these voices, I hear them 
 And when they talk, I'll follow, I'll follow 
 I'll follow, I'll follow all these voices 
 These voices, I hear them 
 And when they talk, I'll follow, I'll follow 
 I'll follow, I'll follow all these 
  
 [Interlude: Mark Avery] 
 Meet Stan, 21 years old. After meeting a young girl at a rave party, things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom. Once again, his conscience comes into play. 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem & Dr. Dre] 
 Now listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek 
 And smearin' her lipstick, slip this in her drink 
 Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little chicken's earlobe 
 Yo, this girl's only fifteen years old 
 How could you take advantage of her? She's passed out 
 It's easy, just cut these lights out, that's how 
 Then pick this chicken up, get her off Brad's couch 
 And leave her on the front porch in her mom and dad's house 
 Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie Kids? 
 No, but I seen the porno with Sun Doobiest (Doobiest) 
 D'you wanna get hauled off to jail? 
 Bump that, drop her off, ring the door bell then bail 
  
 [Hook: Eminem] 
 These voices, these voices, I hear them 
 And when they talk, I'll follow, I'll follow 
 I'll follow, I'll follow all these voices 
 These voices, I hear them 
 And when they talk, I'll follow, I'll follow 
 I'll follow, I'll follow all these 
  
 [Interlude: Mark Avery] 
 Meet Grady, a 29-year-old construction worker. After coming home from a hard day's work, he walks in the door of his trailer park home to find his wife in bed with another man. 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem & Dr. Dre] 
 Alright, calm down, relax, start breathin' 
 Start breathin', man? You just caught your wife cheatin' 
 While you at work she's with some dude tryin' to get off 
 Forget gettin' divorced, cut this chicken's head off! 
 Wait, what if there's a good explanation for this? 
 What, she tripped, fell, landed on his {dick}? 
 Alright, Shady, maybe he's right, Grady 
 But think about the baby before you get all crazy 
 Okay, thought about it? Still wanna grab her? 
 Kick her out the house, get your daughter and kidnap her? 
 That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard 
 You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes? 
 (What you say?) What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember? 
 (I'ma kill you, you little m{otherfucker}!) Huh-uh, temper, temper 
 Mr. Dre, Mr. N.W.A, Mr. AK 
 Comin' straight outta Compton, y'all better make way 
 How in the hell you gonna tell this man not to be violent? 
 'Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went 
 Been there, done that 
 {Aw, fuck it,} what am I sayin'? 
 {Do 'em both, Grady! Where's your gun at?}[Verse 1] 
 I'm cancerous, so when I diss, you wouldn't want to answer this 
 If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus 
 A hellspawn droppin' a stealth bomb 
 Six mics in The Source, they borrowed one from LL's arm 
 You beef with me, I'm a even the score equally 
 Take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally 
 I get too funny off of twenty Nō-Dōz 
 Hop on a snowboard and hit a tree harder than 'Sonny' Bono 
 So if I said I never get buzzed 
 That would mean I lie and get butt more than the president does 
 Hillary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert 
 I took her freakin' tonsils out and fed her sherbet 
 My nerves hurt and lately I'm on edge 
 Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out his blond dreads 
 Every girl I ever went out wit' has gone les' 
 Follow me and do exactly what the song says 
 Talk back, fake sick, get out of school, steal from people 
 And don't think before you do somethin' that's illegal 
 I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal 
 So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill 
 Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin' skill 
 Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill 
 But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist 
 How the fuck can I be white? I don't even exist 
 I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave 
 Fry from an overload and dig myself up out of my grave 
 My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave? 
 And this is how I'm 'posed to teach kids how to behave? 
  
 [Hook 1] 
 Now follow me and do exactly what you see 
 Don't you want to grow up to be just like me? 
 I slap women and eat 'shrooms, then O.D 
 Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me? 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole 
 When we heard a knock at the door, must have been 'Ron' Gold 
 Jumped behind the door, put the session on hold 
 Did 'em both and smeared blood on a white Bronco 
 My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk 
 I slapped Garth Brooks out of his rhinestone shirt 
 I'm not a player, just a ill rhyme-sayer 
 That'll spray a Aerosol can up at the ozone layer 
 My rap style's warped, I'm runnin' out the morgue 
 With your dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch 
 Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon with a cape on 
 And beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn 
 I'm about as normal as Norman Bates with deformative traits 
 A premature birth that was four minutes late 
 Mother, are you there? I love you 
 I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel 
 Will someone please explain to my brain 
 That I just severed a main vein 
 With a chainsaw and I'm in pain? 
 I take a breather and sigh, either I'm fried or I'm nuts 
 Cause if you ain't tiltin' this room, neither am I 
 So when you see your mom with a thermometer shoved in her ass 
 Then it probably is obvious I got it on with her 
 Cause when I drop this solo hit, it's over with 
 I bought Cage's tape, opened it and dubbed over it 
  
 [Hook 2] 
 I came to the club drunk with a fake I.D 
 Don't you want to grow up to be just like me? 
 I've been with ten women who got HIV 
 Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me? 
 I've got genital warts and it burns when I pee 
 Don't you want to grow up to be just like me? 
 I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree 
 You probably want to grow up to be just like me[Intro] 
 Get down tonight 
 Get down tonight 
 Get down tonight 
 Get down tonight 
 What up? What up? What up? Get down tonight 
 Outsidaz. Get down tonight 
 Outsidaz. Get down tonight 
 [?] Young D. Get down tonight 
 [?] 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 My favorite color is red, like the blood shed 
 From Kurt Cobain's head when he shot himself dead 
 Women all grabbin' at my shish kabab 
 Bought Lauryn Hill's tape so her kids could starve 
 You thought I was ill and now I'm even more so 
 Shit, I got full-blown AIDS and a sore throat 
 I got a wardrobe with an orange robe 
 I'm in the fourth row, signin' autographs at your show 
 I just remembered that I'm absent-minded 
 No, I mean I've lost my mind, I can't find it 
 I'm freestylin' every verse that I spit 
 ‘Cause I don't even remember the words to my shit (one, two) 
 I told the doc I need a change in sickness 
 And gave a bitch herpes in exchange for syphilis 
 Put my EP on your Christmas gift list 
 You want to get high? Here, bitch, just sniff this! 
  
 [Hook] 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I tried suicide once and I'll try it again 
 That's why I write songs where I die at the end 
 ‘Cause I don't give a fuck, like my middle finger was stuck 
 And I was wavin' it at everybody, screamin' "I suck!" 
 I go on stage in front of a sell-out crowd 
 And yell out loud: "All y'all get the hell out now!" 
 Fuck rap, I'm givin' it up, y'all, I'm sorry 
 "But Eminem, this is your record release party!" 
 I'm bored out of my gourd, so I took a hammer 
 And nailed my foot to the floorboard of my Ford 
 Guess I'm just a sick, sick bastard 
 Who's one sandwich short of a picnic basket 
 One Excedrin tablet short of a full medicine cabinet 
 I feel like my head has been shredded like lettuce and cabbage (oh) 
 And if you ever see a video for this shit 
 I'll probably be dressed up like a mummy with my wrists slit 
  
 [Hook] 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Got bitches on my jock out in East Detroit 
 ‘Cause they think that I'm a motherfuckin' Beastie Boy 
 So I told 'em I was Mike D, they was like, "Gee 
 I don't know, he might be!" 
 I told 'em, "Meet me at Kid Rock's next concert 
 I'll be standin' by the Loch Ness Monster." (okay, bye) 
 Peace out, then I jetted to the weed house, smoked out 
 'Til I started bustin' freestyles, broke out 
 Then I dipped quick back to the crib, put on lipstick 
 Crushed up the Tylenol and ate it with a dipstick 
 Made a couple of crank calls collect (bring) 
 I want to make songs all the fellas dub 
 And murder every rich rapper that I'm jealous of 
 So just remember when I bomb your set 
 Yo, I only cuss to make your mom upset 
  
 [Hook] 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight) 
 Come on everybody (Get down tonight)Intro: 
 Lately I've been hard to reach 
 I've been too long on my own 
 Everybody has a private world 
 Where they can be alone 
 Are you calling me, are you trying to get through 
 Are you reaching out for me, then I'm reaching out for you 
  
 Verse 1: 
 I'm just so fucking depressed 
 I just can't seem to get out this slump 
 If I could just get over this hump 
 But I need something to pull me out this dump 
 I took my bruises, took my lumps 
 Fell down and I got right back up 
 But I need that spark to get psyched back up 
 In order for me to pick that mic back up 
 I don't know how or when 
 And I ended up in this position I'm in 
 I starting to feel distant again 
 So I decided just to pick this pen 
 Up and tried to make an attempt to vent 
 But I just can't admit 
 Or come to grips 
 With the fact that 
 I may be done with rap, I need a new outlet 
 I know some shits so hard to swallow 
 And I just can't sit back and wallow 
 In my own sorrow, but I know one fact 
 I'll be one tough act to follow 
 One tough act to follow 
 Copy 
 One tough act to follow 
 Here today, gone tomorrow 
 But you have to walk a thousand miles 
  
 Pre Chorus 1: 
 In my shoes, just to see 
 What it's be like, to be me 
 I'll be you, let's trade shoes 
 Just to see what I'd be like to 
 Feel your pain, you feel mine 
 Go inside each other's minds 
 Just to see what we find 
 Look at shit through each other's eyes 
  
 Chorus 1: 
 But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, o-o-o-o-h 
 They can all get fucked. Just stay true to you, so-o-o-o-oh 
 But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, o-o-o-o-h 
 They can all get fucked. Just stay true to you, so-o-o-o-oh 
  
 Verse 2: 
 I think I'm starting to lose my sense of humor 
 Everything is so tense and gloom I 
 Almost feel like I gotta check the temperature at a room 
 Just as soon 
 As I walk in 
 It's like all eyes on me, so I try to avoid any eye contact 
 Cause if I do that then it opens a door to conversation, like I want that 
 I'm not looking for extra attention 
 I just want to be just like you 
 Blend in with the rest of the room 
 Maybe just point me to the closest restroom 
 I don't need no fucking manservant 
 Follow me around, and wipe my ass 
 Laugh at every single joke I crack 
 And half of 'em ain't even funny like 
 Haah Marshall, you're so funny man, you should be a comedian, god damn 
 Unfortunately I am, but I just hide behind the tears of a clown 
 So why don't you all sit down 
 Listen to the tale I'm about to tell 
 Hell, we don't have to trade our shoes 
 And you don't have to walk no thousand miles 
  
 Pre Chorus 2: 
 In my shoes, just to see 
 What it's be like, to be me 
 I'll be you, let's trade shoes 
 Just to see what I'd be like to 
 Feel your pain, you feel mine 
 Go inside each other's minds 
 Just to see what we find 
 Look at shit through each other's eyes 
  
 Chorus 2: 
 But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, o-o-o-o-h 
 They can all get fucked. Just stay true to you, so-o-o-o-oh 
 But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, o-o-o-o-h 
 They can all get fucked. Just stay true to you, so-o-o-o-oh 
  
 Outro: 
 Lately I've been hard to reach 
 I've been too long on my own 
 Everybody has a private world 
 Where they can be alone 
 Are you calling me, are you trying to get through 
 Are you reaching out for me, then I'm reaching out for you[Intro] 
 Its like this and like that and like this (x2) 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless 
 Patrolling corners, looking for hookers 
 To punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters 
 I'm meaner in action than Roscoe beating James Todd Sr. and smackin' his back with vacuum cleaner attachments 
 I grew up in the wild hood, as a hazardous youth 
 With a fucked up childhood that I used as an excuse 
 And ain't shit changed but kept the same mindstate 
 Since the third time that I failed ninth grade 
 You probably think that I'm a negative person, don't be so sure of it 
 I don't promote violence, I just encourage it 
 I laugh at the sight of death 
 As I fall down a cement flight of steps 
 And land inside a bed of spider webs 
 So throw caution to the wind 
 You and a friend can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again 
 Shit, why not? Blow your brain out, I'm blowing mine out 
 Fuck it, you only live once you might as well die now[Produced by Dr. Dre] 
  
 [Hook x2] 
 Hi, my name is, what? 
 My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? 
 My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
  
 [Intro] 
 Excuse me! 
 Can I have the attention of the class for one second? 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Hi kids, do you like violence? 
 Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids? 
 Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? 
 Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? 
 My brain's dead weight 
 I'm trying to get my head straight 
 But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate 
 And Dr. Dre said 
 "Slim Shady, you a basehead!" 
 Uh-uhhh! 
 "So why's your face red? Man, you wasted!" 
 Well, since age twelve I felt like I'm someone else 
 Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt 
 Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off 
 And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross 
 I smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass 
 Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast 
 Come here, slut 
 "Shady wait a minute, that's my girl, dog!" 
 I don't give a fuck 
 God sent me to piss the world offEminem: 
 ... grab the mic and I am kickin 'em 
 While I'm getting wicked with the wicked shit 
 About to be kicking it with ridiculous skits 
 When I be flipping 'em 
 Taking mic's and ripping them 
 When I come equipped to grab 
 And I stab shit 
 I stab motherfuckers bad 
 They go back to the lab 
 It's like a crack to the crab 
 Or crack to the crack 
 It doesn't matter, cause I'm kicking mad data 
 It doesn't matter who's fatter 
 Cause if I had a gun, then I would add a whole to your bladder 
 Kicking the mad fuckin' shit and I ? 
 Motherfuckers are scared of 
 In all kind of ways when I rewind blind ...(dialing tone) 
  
 [Eminem] 
 Uh, this is Marshall, I call there all the time 
 Um, who is this? (It's Frantz) Pardon? 
 (Frantz, Frantz) Frantz, ok, Frantz 
 What I wanna do, actually 
 I wanna get a-eh, eh, it's called-I call it 
 The Slim Shady platter, it's like, with shrimp, like, around it 
 And inside, it's like, um 
 It's like a piece of liver that they give me 
 And they-they put like, salad on the side 
 (You want a dry sheem or the sheem with sauce) 
 Wha-wil-- Blergh-hrm-be-lay-la? 
 (You want a dry sheem or the sheem with sauce) Shu, shu 
 Schwepp-a-hrm-de-lay-la! 
 [mocking accent] 
 Uh, hmph, I needed shrimp, I needed shrimp 
 Around, eh, the plate, what are you talking about 
 Ok? The sh-Ther shrrrimp (Huh?) 
 Goes around (laughing) the prrrate 
 (I don't have a clue what he's saying) 
 Ther- (Sheem sog or sheem with spinach) 
 Yes, yes, the fuckin'- the shrrreerp 
 Okay? Ther shrreerp, goes arrround the sarrrad 
 With ther liver, liver le-(cough)-erl 
 Chopped Se-lim Shady, Slim Shady liver 
 Okay? Served, a la carrrot on the ass for mama 
 (I can't understand what you're saying) 
 (You are saying the-you have to say the english) 
 Alright, I'm srrrerrry, okay 
 The sh-(Sorry sorry, sorry sorry) The shrimp 
 The shrimp, the shrimp-ah, he-he-hello? 
 Ah hrm-de-lay-la, fuck Mama, hrm-lay, what're you talking about 
 Shu-bitch, mama, shu-bitch, yeah smool, ah, smool puzy I like 
 She in this still, what are you talking about 
 Okay? I fuck mama, hello? 
 Listen to me or no? Excuse me[Monologue: 50 Cent] 
 Yoooo! 
 This is the invasion 
 I'll beat you motherfuckers, and get invaded 
 Shady Records, Aftermath 
 Get down and pray 
  
 [Skit/Background: Eminem] 
 "Eminem..." 
 "No..." 
 "Eminem!" 
 "No..." 
 "Hahaha. Wake the fuck up, motherfucker." 
 "What do you want from me?!" 
 "Hahahaha. Remember me?" 
 "I killed you!" 
 "You thought I was dead, didn't you?" 
 "What do you want from me?!" 
 "I'm alive..." 
 "Oh, God..." 
 "Get up." 
 "No." 
 "Get up and look in the mirror." 
 "I don't want to!" 
 "Look in the mirror, it's just a reflection. Haha" 
 "Leave me alone!!!" 
 "Look in the mirror! You're nothing! You're nothing without me! Look in the motherfucking mirror!" 
 "Leave me alone!!! Leave me the fuck alone!!!" 
 [Eminem punches the mirror, breaking it.][Verse] 
 Met a retarded kid named Greg with a wooden leg 
 Snatched it off and beat him over the fuckin' head with the peg 
 Go to bed with the keg, wake up with the 40 
 Mix it with Alka Seltzer and Formula 44D 
 Fuck an acid tab, I'll strap the whole sheet to my forehead 
 Wait until it absorbed in and fell to the floor dead 
 No more said, case closed, end of discussion 
 I'm blowin' up like spontaneous human combustion 
 Leavin' you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas 
 Cross the bombers? We blowin' up your house killin' your parents 
 And comin' back to get your foster mommas 
 And I'm as good at keepin' a promise as Nostradamus 
 'Cause I ain't makin' no more threats 
 I'm doin' drive-bys in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets 
 I'm more or less sick in the head 
 Maybe more 'cause I smoked crack today, yesterday and the day before 
 Saboteur, walk the block with a labrador 
 Strapped with more corral for war than El Salvador 
 Foul style galore, verbal cow manure 
 Comin' together like an eyebrow on Al B. Sure! 
 Motherfucker![Verse 1: Eminem] 
 The one man on the planet that'll drive off of the Grand Canyon 
 Hop out of a Grand Am and land in it handstanding 
 Any man planning to battle will get snatched out of his clothes 
 So fast it'll look like an invisible man standing 
 I'm headed for hell, I'd rather be dead or in jail 
 "Bill Clinton, hit this and you better inhale" 
 Cause any emcee that chooses to go against me 
 Is getting taking advantage of like Monica Lewinsky 
 Came home in a frenzy, pushing a ten-speed 
 Screaming at Aunt Peg 
 With three spokes sticking out of my pant leg 
 Eff a headache, give me a migraine, damn it, I like pain 
 And you should be anywhere that a mic ain't 
 You rap knowing you wack 
 You act up and I'm throwing you down a flight of steps 
 Then I'm throwing you back up 'em 
 If they don't like the track, fuck 'em 
 The rap struck 'em harder than getting hit by a Mack truck 
 And then backed up on 
 And any half-assed known rapper that trespass 
 Better be ready for the second Celebrity Deathmatch 
 So tell the medic to bring the medication and quickly 
 I'm sicker than a 2Pac dedication to Biggie 
 I'm free-falling feet first out of a damn tree 
 To stampede your chest 'til you can't breathe 
 And when I'm down to my last breath 
 I'm a climb the Empire State Building 
 Get to the last step and still have half left 
  
 [Verse 2: Royce da 5'9"] 
 Pompous, roll with monsters and dons for accomplices 
 Cock non-fiction concepts constant 
 Bomb threat and I ain't even on yet 
 On spec, I spit thunder and you ain't even seen the storm yet 
 Lightning in the clouds, start a fight in the crowd 
 Hyper and loud, get this mic in your bowels, biting my style 
 Attack all of y'all, react on the thought of y'all 
 Slaughter y'all, I'm calling y'all, in fact, I'm blackballing y'all 
 More official than an ordered pistol aimed toward rappers 
 Blame fame for it, shrapnel bits tore the tissue 
 Burying the [?] under the gravel 
 Saw off the pump handle and barrel for carrying convenience 
 My odyssey carries the [?], compare me to Phoenix 
 Solid and hard and light up a star, I got to be Venus 
 Huddle and bomb back, take cover and all that 
 And try to not die, you not rugged enough 
 You just shook as soon as I step foot in this rap game 
 I'm a bubble on contact like peroxide, I'm touching a cut 
 You stuck in my raps, [?] 
 Y'all sucking my ass, boosting my confidence a buck and a half 
 I know the game, I'm a train trapped inside a name 
 And whoever they taught me, yo, we ride the same 
 I shoot crews with the truth and chew lies of change 
 Speeding on a dragon in an attempt to collide with fame 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 This 9 is lifting you six feet when I spray rounds 
 Hit you with six shots in mid-air and four more on the way down 
 As eight strays graze through a kid's hair on the playground 
 You lay down on a stretcher (Don't get carried away now) 
 No pun intended, just hop out of this whip 
 And leave it unattended 'fore I whip out this gun and end it 
 Unless you want it dented with bullet holes in one minute 
 Cause I can leave your Infinit' full of those even if someone's in it 
 Snatch the airbag, hit the corner and park it 
 Corner the market, I got her tied up in a chair and gagged 
 Bitches get slapped and grabbed by the hair and dragged 
 Like cavewomen while I'm gravedigging with Marilyn Mans' 
  
 [Verse 4: Royce da 5'9"] 
 You get laced by the gun in case you try to run 
 Hatred on my face by the ton, get baked by the sun 
 Constructed of interplanetary rock and metal 
 Topping levels of combustion that's hot enough to stop the devil 
 Innovative thrust that a enemy 
 The impact'll be the generated destructive energy to flatten trees 
 Black boy since birth, burst and tore the womb up 
 To hit the earth like a asteroid and blow the moon up 
 Trust me, I'm the epitome, you better bust me 
 Anybody can say, "Eff [me]", and he gon' touch me 
 Smoking organic ganja inside of a stanza 
 Me and my man cypher with cans of volcanic lava 
 Man, and it's hot, I'm out of my head 
 From the bottom 
 I can leap out a bottomless pit and land at the top 
 Raw, that's what I came out here for 
 To raise an eclipse and occasional trips to the beer store 
 Switch up the breed of emcee and stick a chick up 
 Vigorous speed to reach in the sea and pick a fish up 
 I'm fly against all laws of gravitation 
 I done crushed all ya'll, now you want a collaboration 
 But eff that, you stepped up, so I'm a eff your rep up 
 And tear the rest up with every joint that I press up 
 So stop violence or violence'll stop you 
 Got crews iller than anybody on your block do 
 I roll with a white boy that pop 'shrooms 
 Listen to rock tunes and jump in a costume and rob you 
  
 [Verse 5: Eminem] 
 What a wonderful day, I should go outside and play 
 Ain't no need to sit inside the house and hibernate 
 "Hi, Renée, I was just about to toss a live grenade 
 In your driveway and drive away 
 Are you afraid of a blade made of a razor with AIDS?" 
 Blood dripping from it 
 Ripping your stomach up from the waist up 
 You talk a lot of ish, but you was never ill though 
 I'm sick enough to beat you to death with a feather pillow 
 Tipped over some cows just for a joke and a laugh 
 Jumped up, choked a giraffe, snapped his neck and broke it in half 
 Waging wars, went on stage and sprayed Cage with Agent Orange 
 And wiped my ass with his page in Source 
 Demon is here, I'm steaming this year 
 I rip Mystikal's voice box out and scream in his ear 
 It's not a gimmick, trick, it's an image, I live it 
 Give a what? I don't know what a "what" is to give it 
  
 [Verse 6: Royce da 5'9"] 
 I grab your throat and squeeze it until it's swollen 
 Then exceed it until it explodes over your shoulders 
 Pick up your urn with ashes in it and piss in it 
 Diss intended to verge like a hearse with a witch in it 
 No more do I battle emcees for fun 
 Now it's guns and niggas should run from the [?] 
 It's barely vivid you witness rare exhibits of terrorism 
 Through Israel and the art when even they're dark and dismal 
 I'm a deranged breed, shoot me 
 I'll catch a bullet in my teeth 
 And spit it right back at you at the same speed 
 I'll injure if I'm offending you, we can go to blows 
 Even my interview should be a Hip-Hop Quotable 
 You can have the title, that's for brothers that's cocky 
 I'll take the belt with diamonds in it like Ted DiBiase 
 I'm rebelling your chains, in fact, you wack 
 I'm telling you the plane still spelling your name in your raps 
 You're soft-hearted, I'll say, "Let's take it to the streets" 
 You'll start pleading with me before we can get the walk started 
 I'm a deranged breed, so don't try to touch this 
 5'9", I told you I don't know the chorus 
  
 [Verse 7: Eminem] 
 Forget a chorus, my metaphors are so complicated 
 It takes six minutes to get applause 
 And by the time you all catch on, I'm a end your career 
 And walk away with the floor, so you have nothing to fall back on 
 I'll throw you out of ten floors 
 Pull a freaking headache out of my head and put it in yours 
 I'm indoors, waiting for this acid to seep in my skin pores 
 To go outdoors and do some in-stores 
 This trick wanted to blow me, I said, "It ought to happen" 
 "You swallow nut, girl?" "No, but I brought a napkin" 
 Getting skully while I'm autographing 
 Got my daughter laughing 
 Cause I sent her mother white water rafting 
 I'm not a fact, I'm a proven fear 
 Mr. Rogers blocking my U-Haul 
 Screaming, "You ain't moving here" 
 "Lorena Bobbitt, come here, want a souvenir? 
 I've been high as "L" since I was a juven-eer 
 Juvenile? Same difference, I need some 'caine 
 Cause I ain't sniffed since I woke up to seven slain infants 
 Brain implants and they say there's a slim chance 
 I won't stay the same cause I traded brains with a chimpanz'What I wanna do, let me see right here, yo 
  
 Not many people that I label 
 Would be able to display table 
 Manners but my plan this 
 To make this beat rock like scanners 
 And make the fans just go bananas 
 Yo, get our Planters 
 That means our nuts for the sluts who don't understand this 
 Yo, my clan is 
 Yeah right, and y'all gon' stand there 
 And act like you don't understand it 
 Like my name is Janet, my titty fell out and I ain't plan it 
 Check, check this out 
 And if you're rockin' with your necklace out 
 That's my breakfast now 
 I'mma snatch it, yo my style is rechid, you can't fetch it 
 No you can't stretch it 
 And yo, it doesn't really matter 
 Cause your name I can't even pronunciate 
 You're the sa-same type-a mo'fucker 
 To go and suckerpunch Dre at the Vibe Awards 
 But he right behind the boards the next day 
 So, kiss an ass 
 Or kiss a dick, lick a dick 
 Eat my ass 
 Whatever you wan' do, it's on you 
 Big Proof comin' through..[Intro] 
 "Life" by Marshall Mathers 
 What is life? 
 Life is like a big obstacle 
 Put in front of your optical to slow you down 
 And every time you think you've gotten past it 
 It's gonna come back around and tackle you to the damn ground 
 What are friends? 
 Friends are people that you think are your friends 
 But they're really your enemies with secret identities and disguises to hide their true colors 
 So just when you think you're close enough to be brothers they wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't looking 
 What is money? 
 Money is what makes a man act funny 
 Money is the root of all evil 
 Money'll make them same friends come back around swearing that they was always down 
 What is life? 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 I'm tired of life 
 I'm tired of backstabbing ass snakes with friendly grins 
 I'm tired of committing so many sins 
 Tired of always giving in when this bottle of Henny wins 
 Tired of never having any ends 
 Tired of having skinny friends hooked on crack and Mini Thins 
 I'm tired of this DJ playing your shit when he spins 
 Tired of not having a deal 
 Tired of having to deal with the bullshit without grabbing the steel 
 Tired of drowning in my sorrow 
 Tired of having to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo 
 I'm tired of motherfuckers spraying shit and dartin' off 
 I'm tired of jobs startin' off at $5.50 an hour 
 Then this boss wonders why I'm smartin' off 
 I'm tired of being fired every time I fart and cough 
 Tired of having to work as a gas station clerk for this jerk breathing down my neck, driving me berserk 
 I'm tired of using plastic silverware 
 Tired of working at Builder's Square 
 Tired of not being a millionaire 
  
 [Hook] 
 But if I had a million dollars 
 I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics 
 If I had a magic wand 
 I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on while I'm on the john 
 If I had a million bucks 
 It wouldn't be enough because I'd still be out robbing armored trucks 
 If I had one wish 
 I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 I'm tired of being white trash, broke and always poor 
 Tired of taking pop bottles back to the party store 
 I'm tired of not having a phone 
 Tired of not having a home to have one in if I did have one on 
 Tired of not driving a BM 
 Tired of not working at GM 
 Tired of wanting to be him 
 Tired of not sleeping without a Tylenol PM 
 Tired of not performing in a packed coliseum 
 Tired of not being on tour 
 Tired of fucking the same blonde whore after work in the back of a Contour 
 I'm tired of faking knots with a stack of ones 
 Having a lack of funds and resorting back to guns 
 Tired of being stared at 
 Tired of wearing the same damn Nike Air hat 
 Tired of stepping in clubs, wearing the same pair of Lugz 
 Tired of people saying they're tired of hearing me rap about drugs 
 Tired of other rappers who ain't bringing half the skill as me 
 Sayin' they wasn't feeling me on "Nobody's As Ill As Me" 
 And I'm tired of radio stations telling fibs 
 Tired of JLB saying "Where Hip-Hop lives" 
  
 [Hook] 
 But if I had a million dollars 
 I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics 
 If I had a magic wand 
 I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on while I'm on the john 
 If I had a million bucks 
 It wouldn't be enough because I'd still be out robbing armored trucks 
 If I had one wish 
 I would ask for a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss 
  
 [Outro] 
 Y'know what I'm saying? 
 I'm tired of all of this bullshit 
 Telling me to be positive 
 How am I 'posed to be positive when I don't see shit positive? 
 Y'know what I'm saying? 
 I rap about shit around me, shit I see 
 Y'know what I'm saying? 
 And right now I'm tired of everything 
 Tired of all this player-hating that's going on in my own city 
 Can't get no airplay 
 Y'know what I'm saying? 
 But hey, it's cool though 
 Y'know what I'm saying? 
 I'm just fed up 
 That's my word[Verse 1] 
 Met a retarded kid named Greg, with a wooden leg 
 Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg 
 Go to bed with the keg, wake up with the forty 
 Mixed it with Alka-Seltzer and Formula 44D 
 Fuck an acid tab, I strapped the whole sheet to my forehead 
 Waited until it absorbed in, and fell to the floor dead 
 No more said, case closed, end of discussion 
 I'm blowin' up like spontaneous human combustion 
 Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas 
 Cross the bombers, we blowin' up your house, killing your parents 
 And coming back to get your foster mommas 
 And I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus 
 Cause I ain't making no more threats 
 I'm doin' drive-bys in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets 
 I'm more or less sick in the head 
 Maybe more cause I smoked crack today, yesterday, and the day before 
 Saboteur, walk the block with a Labrador 
 Strappin' more corral for war than El Salvador 
 Foul style galore, verbal cow manure 
 Comin' together like the eyebrow on Al B. Sure! 
 Motherfucker!Don't ask me what's up with the hoes, I'm still working the kinks out 
 Love stinks, that explains all this anger that's spillin' out 
 And I ain't chilling out. Got an Oscar but I'm still a grouch 
 I use it as a doorstop and a prop for the broken leg for the couch 
 Yelawolf, Shady, Tony-Touch, Slaughterhouse 
 Yeah the SWAT team 'bout to break them flyswatters out 
 Go to hell in a drought, break ice waters out 
 Nice try shorty wop, we can windowshop the jewelry store 
 But Christ for that price coulda bought a house 
 Besides only thing I ever had iced out was my heart since I started out 
 It’s F.Y.I, if ya ain't knowing 
 What, go with you? Where? Nah, ain't going 
 Oh wait, you wanna date? Oh, well in that case ho, it's June 8th, oh! 
 And kinda like Beethoven composin' a symphony of hate 
 So much hate woven into these raps 
 He stitches a bitch, straight sewin' 
 Shit, I'm beginning to hate clothing 
 I hate overalls cause they remind me of hoes 
 For Christ sake, they're shaped like an H woah and 
 You know what else starts with H though? 
 Hockey, shit, thought I had the place flowing 
 I hate to put you on ice but 
 You already had 3 periods in 60 minutes, great going 
 Plus you remind me of cocaine, ho 
 You always in the mirror with your face 
 So, I feel an urge to put you all in a line 
 And chop you with a razor blade, yo wait, I'm an a-hole 
 Devil with a halo 
 Hell yeah, I'd nail J-Lo to the railroad 
 Say I won't! Better hope you can stay afloat 
 When I take the wind out your sailboat 
 But, I ain't playing yo! Dope as Shady? 
 Don't kid yourself, bitch you ain't even a baby goat(News Reporter Talking) 
 "Breaking news 
 Detroit rapper Eminem cancels his sold-out European tour 
 To check himself into rehab 
 After admitting an addiction to sleep medication 
 We'll have more on this story as it develops" 
 "Shady Records recording artist Obie Trice 
 Has apparently survived a gunshot to the head 
 In what appears to be a random drive-by shooting 
 Meanwhile, Eminem is rumored to be alienated 
 On again/off again relationship with..." 
 "This just in, a tour bus involving Eminem's bus..." 
 "Updating a story we brought you earlier 
 About gunfire at an after-hours club 
 We've learned that the rapper Proof has been fatally shot." 
 "Shady/Aftermath recording artist..." 
 "Long-time best friend of Eminem 
 And a member of the rap group D12" 
 "D12, back in the news again today..." 
 "Is it a sabbatical or the end? 
 The rumors and speculation continue to swirl around Eminem 
 He insists he's just taking a break 
 But doubters believe he's retiring, leaving us all to ask 
 'Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?[Vocal Intro: Eminem] 
 Yo, Manix man, I think I just spotted my prey 
 There she is; check her out 
 Yea I know she's with her man and everything but... 
 I can still get her man, 'cause you know me 
 Just drop a couple of smooth rhymes on her 
 And I got her you know what I'm saying? 
 Aight, I'll tell you what I'mma do about her man! 
 Aight, Check this out... 
  
 [Verse] 
 Hey baby, let me have a word with your man 
 (comic-like slap sound) - now lemme show ya exactly where I stand 
 I'd like you to enter my fortress 
 Just cause you are just the most gorgeous 
 Woman I've ever seen and for just 
 The next few hours of ya life I'd like to 
 Bring out the real woman inside you despite you 
 Might be in love and all that with your, man 
 But lemme get chat with you 
 Why don't we get to know each other, haven't you 
 Ever wondered what it was like to date an M.C.? 
 Now what's a woman like you, without a man like me? 
 And someone like yourself I can grow very fond of 
 Beyond a doubt and I would always hold onto your 
 Love, and be faithful I promise 
 Cause I'm as 
 Loyal as a puppy, and I'd treat you like a goddess 
 That we would've stumble onto each other but first, wait 
 Before you're lured, I want to know if you're insured 
 And if you're sure, you're gonna be able to endure 
 A tremendous amount of pain that seems endless 
 Strenuous brawn and brain, but yet when this 
 Whole thing is over and I make it through the ride 
 Then I'd gladly stand by your side[Sound effect: gunshot] 
  
 [EMINEM] 
  
 I’m a kick it 
 The motherfuckin’ liquid 
 That I be spittin’ 
 Infinite ammunition 
 Yeah you wishin’ 
 You try to step to this but you died 
 You tried to fuck with my style but get denied 
 And get hit 
 And get pushed back to the fuckin lab 
 When I stab you in the abdomen 
 When I grab a pen and jab it in 
  
 [EMINEM begins CANIBUS impression] 
  
 Travelin like an abdomen and gag you with it 
 Javelin when I’m stabbing it and grabbin it 
 With the Canibus animal animus 
 Element jam it is 
 Whatever lattice magnanimous 
 And the shadow is adamant 
 The equilibrium will lay on top of these mathematics 
 In alphabetical order, Destroyer![Verse] 
 I'ma get snuffed, ‘cause I ain't said enough to pipe down 
 I'll pipe down when the White House gets wiped out 
 When I see that little Cheney dyke get sniped out 
 Lights out, bitch, adiós, goodnight [gunshot] (AHH!) 
 Now put that in your little pipe and bite down 
 Think for a minute, ‘cause the hype just died down 
 That I won't go up in the Oval Office right now 
 And flip whatever ain't tied down upside down 
 I'm all for America; fuck the government! 
 Tell that C. Delores Tucker slut to suck a dick 
 Motherfucker ducked, what the fuck? Son of a bitch! 
 Take away my gun, I'm gonna tuck some other shit 
 Can't tell me shit about the tricks of this trade 
 Switchblade with a little switch to switch blades 
 And switch from a six to a sixteen inch blade 
 Shit's like a samurai sword; a sensei 
 Shit just don't change to this day 
 I'm this way, still tell that ut-slay itch-bay 
 Uck-say my ick-day, 'scuse my ig-pay atin-lay 
 But uck-fay you ig-pay (50!!!)[Phone Ringing] 
 [Operator] 
 Good evening may I help you? 
 [Eminem] 
 How you doing I need to get the number for PhatBeats, Los Angeles, California 
 [Operator] 
 Hold on one moment please 
 [Eminem] 
 Alright, How You Doing? 
 [Operator] 
 Ok one moment 
 [Eminem] 
 How you doing? 
 [Operator] 
 O.K. Sir One Moment 
 F.A.T is the name? 
 [Eminem] 
 Right, it's real easy 
 [Operator] 
 I'm sorry  I have nothing for the data sorry sir 
 [Eminem] 
 Maybe it's P-H-A-T 
  
 [phone ringing] 
 I know they got it! I know they have it! 
 [Worker] 
 PhatBeats 
 [Eminem] 
 Right they got it! Hello? 
 [Worker] 
 Hello? 
 [Eminem] 
 Ts Time it's time I know you guys have it! 
 [Worker] 
 Who? 
 [Eminem] 
 I know you guys have it! Do you guys have it Is it there? 
 [Worker] 
 What? 
 [Eminem] 
 [Stammering] last time it came out in May... I mean February 23 and this time I'm not going to wait to May 23 but um I've seen it on the internet and it... It's all over 
 [Worker] 
 What? 
 [Eminem] 
 I'm sorry I'm really excited do you have it? 
 [Worker] 
 What the dialadis? 
  
 [Eminem] 
 What? What n...no! Um uh uh um the guy with the um the guy who you know 
 Brian! The guy with the the um the yeah the one with the blonde 
 Um ok 
 [Worker] 
 [I don't know what you mean, if you gave me a name or something then I'd know but... 
 [Eminem] 
 You know that guy he does that thing on MTV where you know he um sings that one song what is it ummmmm uh 
 BRIAN!!!!! I got PhatBeats on the phone! Hurry Up! 
 [Worker] 
 [laughs] 
 [Eminem] 
 Oh hello haha 
 [Working] 
 Hello *giggle* 
 [Eminem] 
 Hi haha 
 [Worker] 
 Ok who are you talking about I don't know who you're talking about 
 [Eminem] 
 EMINEM YOU FUCKING BITCH 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 I[Verse] 
 I'm cancerous 
 So when I diss, you wouldn't wanna answer this 
 If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus 
 I'll strangle you to death, then I'll choke you again 
 And break your fucking legs 'til your bones poke through your skin 
 You beef with me, I'ma even the score equally 
 Take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally 
 I get too blunted off of funny home grown 
 ‘Cause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono 
 (Oh no!) So if I said I never did drugs 
 That would mean I lie and get fucked 
 More than the President does 
 Hilary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert 
 I ripped her fucking tonsils out and fed her sherbet (Bitch) 
 My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge 
 Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out his blond dreads 
 Every girl I ever went out with has gone les 
 Follow me and do exactly what the song says 
 Smoke weed, take pills, drop out of school, kill people 
 And drink, jump behind the wheel like it was still legal 
 I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal 
 So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill 
 Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin' skill 
 ‘Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill 
 But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist 
 How the fuck can I be white? I don't even exist 
 I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave 
 Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave 
 My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave? 
 And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave?[Produced by Bass Brothers] 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Who came through with two Glocks to terrorize your borough? (huh?) 
 Told you how to slap dips and murder your girl? (I did!) 
 Gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl 
 Sold a billion tapes and still screamed, "Fuck the world!" 
 (Slim Shady...) so come and kill me while my name's hot 
 And shoot me twenty-five times in the same spot (Ow!) 
 I think I got a generation brainwashed 
 To pop pills and smoke pot til they brains rot (uhh-oh) 
 Stop they blood flow until they veins clot 
 I need a pain shot, and a shot of plain scotch 
 Purple haze and acid raindrops 
 Spike the punch at the party and drink pop (gulp gulp) 
 Shaved my armpits and wore a tank top 
 Bad Boy, I told you that I can't stop 
 You gotta make em fear you 'fore you make em feel you 
 So everybody buy my shit or I'mma come and kill you 
  
 [Hook] 
 I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets 
 I'm your brother when you need, some new weed to set you free 
 You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a Mini Thin 
 (I'm Slim Shady...) I'm Shady![Eminem hook] 
 This kind of music, use it, and you get amped to do shit 
 Whenever you hear some shit and you can't refuse it 
 It's just some shit for these kids to trash they rooms with 
 Just refuse whenever they asked to do shit 
 The type of shit that you don't have to ask who produced it 
 You just know that's the new shit 
 The type of shit that causes mass-confusion 
 And drastic movement of people acting stupid 
  
 [Eminem Verse 1] 
 You 'bout to witness hip-hop in it's most purest, most rawest form, flow almost flawless, most 
 Hardest, most honest known artist, chip off the old block, but ol' Doc is, {back}, looks like 
 Batman brought his own Robin, oh God, Sadam's got his own Laden, with his own private plane, his 
 Own pilot, set to blow college dorm rooms doors off the hinges, oranges, peach, pears, plums 
 Syringes, {vnn vnn}, yeah here I come, i'm inches, away from you, dear fear none, hip-hop is in 
 A state of 911, so 
  
 [eminem hook] 
 This kind of music, use it, and you get amped to do shit 
 Whenever you hear some shit and you can't refuse it 
 It's just some shit for these kids to trash they rooms with 
 Just refuse whenever they asked to do shit 
 The type of shit that you don't have to ask who produced it 
 You just know that's the new shit 
 The type of shit that causes mass-confusion 
 And drastic movement of people acting stupid 
  
 [obie trice verse 2] 
 Niggas, I'm still grinding, (yeah...) 
 I'm still hearing those sirens 
 I'm still getting chased by those lights 
 Only the light's mine and my mic's on 
 And my time is none because I'm writing more 
 And I ain't here to meet a soul in this buisness 
 I'm here to eat, speak, until these hoes feel this, (for sure...) 
 And I can't let y'all derail me man 
 I got young Kobe, homie, you gotta let go of Obie 
 Cause Obie be back, (ain't goin' nowhere man...) 
 We got them craps going on 
 And that yak going on 
 Soon as a nigga touch down back from tourin' 
 It's whateva, put that on the chedda man 
 But in the meantime, it's Jimmy Ivene time 
 Chase cheese, rhyme till my voice give out 
 This is it my nigga, this what we boast about 
 Now I'm here so shut your motherfuckin mouth 
  
 [eminem hook] 
 This kind of music, use it, and you get amped to do shit 
 Whenever you hear some shit and you can't refuse it 
 It's just some shit for these kids to trash they rooms with 
 Just refuse whenever they asked to do shit 
 The type of shit that you don't have to ask who produced it 
 You just know that's the new shit 
 The type of shit that causes mass-confusion 
 And drastic movement of people acting stupid 
  
 [eminem verse 3] 
 There's a certain mystique when I speak 
 That you notice that it's sorta unique 
 Cause you know it's me, my poetry's deep 
 And I'm still matic the way I flow to this beat 
 You can't sit still, it's like tryin to smoke crack 
 And go to sleep, I'm strapped 
 Just knowing any minute I could snap 
 I'm the equivalent of what would happen if Bush rapped 
 I bully these rappers so bad lyrically 
 It ain't even funny, I ain't even hungry 
 It ain't even money, you can't pay me enough 
 For you to play me, it's cockamamie 
 You just ain't zany enough to rock with Shady 
 My noodle is cockadoodle, my clocks cuckoo 
 I got screws loose, yeahhh, the whole kitten-kaboodle 
 I'm just brutal. It's no rumor, I'm numero uno, assume it 
 There's no humor in it no more, you know 
 I'm rollin with a swollen bowling ball in my bag 
 You need a fag to come and tear a new hole in my ass 
  
 [eminem hook] 
 This kind of music, use it, and you get amped to do shit 
 Whenever you hear some shit and you can't refuse it 
 It's just some shit for these kids to trash they rooms with 
 Just refuse whenever they asked to do shit 
 The type of shit that you don't have to ask who produced it 
 You just know that's the new shit 
 The type of shit that causes mass-confusion 
 And drastic movement of people acting stupid[Interlude: Mark Avery] 
 Meet Stan, 21 years old. After meeting a young girl at a rave party, things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom. Once again, his conscience comes into play 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Now listen to me, while you're kissing her cheek 
 And smearing her lipstick, slip this in her drink 
 Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe 
 (Yo, this girl's only fifteen years old 
 You shouldn't take advantage of her, it's not fair) 
 Yo, look at her bush, does it got hair? 
 Fuck this bitch right here on the spot, bare 
 'til she passes out and she forgot how she got there 
 (Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie, Kids?) 
 No but I seen the porno with Sun Doobiest! 
 (Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?) 
 Man, fuck that, hit that shit raw dog and bail(dialing tone) 
  
 [Eminem and (Jesse)] 
 *Ends off I'm Shady snippet and instrumental still plays* 
 And that's my name! 
 *Phone rings* 
 Helllo (Hi) Hi, Jesse? 
 (Speaking) Hi, how you doing 
 I'm-I'm-I'm, my name is Marshall (Hi) 
 Hi, how are you doin'? (Good) 
 Oh, my God, you sound sexy 
 (Oh, thank you) Aw, God... 
 Um, listen, I was just, I-I 
 I don't know, I don't do this a lot, it's like, my second time 
 I swear to God, um, listen, it says 
 I don't know im reading this over in the paper and-and 
 It says you're, I don't know, a ch-a-transexual 
 (A shemale, uhuh) A shemale, oh my God... 
 (Yeah) *sighs* Um, listen, what t-what 
 What type of, I don't know, what type of s- 
 (I give you body rubs, and I, and I go down on you) 
 Aight, do you wanna, do you wanna attend to your dog? 
 (I got somebody at the dog, I have to massage somebody now) 
 (Call me later) I wanna fuck (Huh?) 
 I wanna fuck (*hangs up*) Aw, God, don't hang up, bitch 
 You fucking slut, oh God...(dialing tone) 
  
 (Hello?) How you doing? 
 (Good, how are you?) It's Junko? (Yeah, sir) 
 Oh, you sound cute (Thank you) Uhh... 
 My name is Slim Shady they- I mean 
 That's like a nickname, they call me, you know 
 (Ok, so I'm gonna [?], ok? This is [?] private dancing) 
 (This isn't a massage parlor) I'm saying, do you dance, do you- 
 (Ok, just, uh-ok, I'm telling you, you come here) 
 (You play the [?]) 
 (But cannot not touching to you, you just-uh, sit down) 
 ([?] dancing to you an hour, I can't-) 
 Alright, slut, what I'm saying is, would 
 Can you stick a finger in, like, at least on the- 
 You know what I mean? Like, I'm saying, like 
 Just like a finger, you know what I'm saying? 
 (Yeah, I understand-) I'm not-I know-I'm not saying, like 
 Sex, you know, I just want to stick a finger up a bit 
 (Why, you really want tha- hello?) 
 Hello, hi, how're you doing ([?]) Hello, ah, aight 
 I'm sorry-([?] a link to me, ok sir? Be nice, be gentle) 
 Oh, I'm so-(I'm telling you my every [?]) I'm sorry 
 I'm just horny, I got my dick in my hand, you know? 
 (This isn't a massage parlor, sir, ok?) 
 I'm saying I'm not-(Don't call me, the horny, ok?) 
 (Ok, sir?) Ok, it's not, I'm not saying (Ok) 
 That it's a massage parlor (This isn't a massage parlor, sir) 
 Aight, quote-quote unquote 
 (Ok, sir, [cast?] the message to sit down) 
 (Ok? No shower, no clothes, don't pick it up the closet) 
 (Just to sit down watching the dancing) 
 I heard that, but I'm saying, can you 
 Like, put your own dick in your hand 
 And like, (no, sir), beat that shit-Why not? 
 It's my own body, you know what I'm saying, slut? (Hello?) 
 (Be nice, watch your language, ok, sir?) Oh, I'm sorry 
 I didn't know "bitch" was a bad word[Produced by Dr. Dre] 
  
 [Hook] 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
  
 [Intro] 
 Excuse me! 
 Can I have the attention of the class for one second? 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Hi, kids! Do you like Primus? (Yeah, yeah, yeah!) 
 Wanna see me stick 9 inch nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh huh!) 
 Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? 
 Try *** and get messed up worse than my life is? 
 My brain's dead weight, I'm trying to get my head straight 
 But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate 
 And Dr. Dre said "Slim Shady, you a ***head!" 
 Uh-uh! "So why's your face red? Man, you wasted!" 
 Well, since age twelve I felt like a caged elf 
 Who stayed to himself in one space, chasing his tail 
 Got ticked off and ripped Pamela Lee's lips off 
 Kissed 'em and said "I ain't know silicone was supposed to be this soft!" 
 I'm about to pass out and crash, and fall in the grass 
 Faster than the fat man who sat down too fast 
 Come here, lady! "Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dog!" 
 I don't give a damn, Dre sent me to tick the world off 
  
 [Hook] 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (Damn) 
 Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be 35 
 I smacked him in his face with an eraser 
 Chased him with a stapler, and told him to change the grade on the paper (Now!) 
 Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up 
 Served the bartender, then walked out with the tip cup 
 Extraterrestrial, running over pedestrians in a spaceship 
 While they're screaming at me, "Let's just be friends!" 
 Ninety-nine percent of my life I was lied to 
 I just found out my mom does more *** than I do 
 I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper 
 Make a record about doing *** and name it after her (Here mom!) 
 You know you blew up when the women rush your stands 
 And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans 
 This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph 
 (Dude, can I get your autograph?) 
 So I signed it: "Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole!" 
  
 [Hook] 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! (Get him!) 
 Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate! 
 I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die 
 I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive 
 Am I coming or going? I can barely decide 
 I just drank a fifth of Kool-Aid, dare me to drive? (Go ahead!) 
 All my life I was very deprived 
 I ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops!) 
 Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk 
 I spit when I talk, I'll *** anything that walks 
 When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits 
 How you gonna breastfeed me, Mom? You ain't got no ***! 
 I lay awake and strap myself in the bed 
 Put a bulletproof vest on and tap myself in the head 
 I'm steaming mad and by the way, when you see my dad (Yeah?) 
 Ask him if he bought a porno mag to see my ad 
  
 [Hook] 
 Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, who? My name is, huh? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady 
 Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who? 
 My name is, chka-chka Slim ShadyAw yeah 
 Let's go 
  
 (Aw yeah, let's go, take the course check it out.) 
 My posse 
 It's my posse yeah 
 My posse 
 It's my posse yeah 
  
 Many occasions and situations are endangered 
 My posse has arisen in collision in Vertėjas 
 The outcome is the same as; the remains are never changing 
 No surprise we specialise in facial re-arranging 
 'clusion is protrusion using this line as I curb 
 Plus, damage with advantage we'll step on you like a smurf 
 Pissing competition with an underdog ambition 
 Given our position pain inflicts in repetition 
 Ridicule arrival and survival of a battle 
 Sequential is essential first intent'n to dismantle 
 Copulate and demonstrate a form of repercussion 
 So fasten your mouth 'fo' we start passin' out concussions 
  
 My posse 
 It's my posse, yeah 
 My posse 
 It's my posse 
  
 (Aw yeah, let's go, take the course check it out.) 
 My posse 
 It's my posse, yeah 
 My posse 
 It's my posse, yeah 
  
 Many occasions and situations are endangered 
 My posse has arisen in collision in Vertėjas 
 The outcome is the same as; the remains are never changing 
 No surprise we specialise in facial re-arranging 
 'clusion is protrusion using this line as I curb 
 Plus, damage with advantage we'll step on you like a smurf 
 Pissing competition with an underdog ambition 
 Given our position pain inflicts in repetition 
 Ridicule arrival and survival of a battle 
 Sequential is essential first intent'n to dismantle 
 Copulate and demonstrate a form of repercussion 
 So fasten your mouth 'fo' we start passin' out concussions 
  
 My posse 
 It's my posse, yeah 
 My posse 
 It's my posse, yeah 
  
 (Alright now) 
  
 Nobody can catch the way that I display the rhymes 
 I lace those, they just stand and huddled in dismay and say "how the hell did he do that" 
 But if I told them how, they still would never be able to get the pattern 
 It's just the wondrous way of one who's working as a new jack 
 Trying to prove that in order to make you move you take the hyper crew and have the hypest rhymer and then you come up with something what?...hype 
 Taking the time to demonstrate the rhymes that I create 
 Its only half the job and I'm working a double shift to make it right 
 Cause other things that go along with a job like making sure you have a style that's totally different from the others in the basement 
 Always staying a couple of steps ahead 
 And even though we're bred to look the same the difference is our styles are separateus 
  
 My posse 
 It's my posse yeah 
 My posse 
 It's my posse yeah 
  
  
 Oooh it's my posse 
 Oooh it's my posse 
 Oooh it's my posse 
 It's my poooaaoooaaoooaaoooaaaooaooasssseeee[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 'Til I collapse I'm spillin' these raps long as you feel 'em 
 'Til the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killin' 'em 
 ‘Cause when I am not, then I'ma stop pennin' 'em 
 And I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem 
 Subliminal thoughts, when I'ma stop sendin' 'em? 
 Women are caught in webs, spin 'em and hock venom 
 Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illin' to stop 
 Amoxicillin's just not real enough 
 The criminal, cop-killin', hip-hop villain 
 A minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners 
 You're comin' with me, feel it or not 
 You're gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of God lives in us 
 You hear it a lot, lyrics to shock 
 Is it a miracle or am I just product of pop fizzin' up? 
 Fa shizzel, my wizzel, this is the plot, listen up 
 You bizzels forgot, Slizzel does not give a fuck 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 Music is like magic, there's a certain feelin' you get 
 When you real and you spit, and people are feelin' your shit 
 This is your moment, and every single minute you spend 
 Tryna hold on to it 'cause you may never get it again 
 So while you're in it, try to get as much shit as you can 
 And when your run is over, just admit when it's at its end 
 'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half the shit that gets in 
 I got a list, here's the order of my list that it's in 
 It goes Reggie, Jay-Z, 2Pac and Biggie 
 André from OutKast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas, and then me 
 But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy 
 So when I'm not put on this list, the shit does not offend me 
 That's why you see me walk around like nothing's botherin' me 
 Even though half you people got a fuckin' problem with me 
 You hate it, but you know respect you got to give me 
 The press's wet dream, like Bobby and Whitney — Nate, hit me! 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Soon as a verse starts, I eat at an MC's heart 
 What is he thinking? How not to go against me, smart 
 And it's absurd how people hang on every word 
 I'll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve 
 But I'll never be served, my spot is forever reserved 
 If I ever leave Earth, that would be the death of me first 
 ‘Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothin' could ever be worse 
 That's why I'm clever when I put together every verse 
 My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I'm an addict 
 I rap like I'm addicted to smack like I'm Kim Mathers 
 But I don't wanna go forth and back in constant battles 
 The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers 
 So this is like a full-blown attack I'm launchin' at 'em 
 The track is on some battlin' raps, who wants some static? 
 ‘Cause I don't really think that the fact that I'm Slim matters 
 A plaque and platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest, so 
  
 [Outro: Eminem] 
 Yo, yo, yo, yo[Verse 1] 
 Hey there, little boys and girls 
 Hey there, little boys and girls (Mmkay?) 
 Today we're gonna to learn how to poison squirrels 
 But first, I'd like you to meet my friend Bob 
 (Huh?) Say hi Bob! ("Hi, Bob!") 
 Bob's 30 and still lives with his mom 
 And he don't got a job 
 'Cause Bob sits at home and smokes pot 
 But his twelve-year-old brother looks up to him an awful lot 
 And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot 
 And wait in the parking lot for waitresses off the clock 
 When it's late and the lot gets dark 
 And fake like he walks his dog, drag 'em in the woods 
 And go straight to the chopping blocks 
 And even if they escaped and they got the cops 
 The ladies would all be so afraid, they would drop the charge 
 'Til one night Mrs. Stacey went off the job 
 When she felt someone grab her whole face 
 And said not to talk 
 But Stacey knew it was Bob and said: "Knock it off!" 
 But Bob wouldn't knock it off 
 'Cause he's crazy and off his rocker 
 Crazier than Slim Shady is off the vodka 
 You couldn't even take him to Dre's to get Bob a doctor 
 He grabbed Stace' by the legs as chopped it off her 
 (AAH!) And dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her 
 But ever since the day Stacey went off to wander 
 They never found her, and Bob still hangs at the waffle diner 
 And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana 
 And what it might do to you 
 So see if the squirrels want any—it's bad for you 
  
 [Hook] 
 The kids, the kids! 
 Don't forget about the kids, the kids! 
 Shady, what about the kids, the kids? 
 (?) The kids, the kids! 
 Shady, what about the kids, the kids? 
 You gotta save the kids! 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 My penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it? 
 Fuck no, you ain't seen it, it's the size of a peanut (Hehehehe!) 
 Speakin' of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels? 
 Ecstasy, it's the worst drug in the world 
 If someone ever offers it to you, don't do it 
 Kids, two hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid 
 And spinal fluid is final, you won't get it back 
 So don't get attached, it'll attack every bone in your back 
 Meet Zach, twenty-one years old 
 After hangin' out with some friends 
 At a frat party, he gets bold 
 And decides to try five, when he's bribed by five guys (C'mon!) 
 And the peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it 
 Suddenly, he starts to convulse 
 And his pulse goes into hyperdrive 
 And his eyes roll back in his skull {​​​*blblblblblb*}​​​ 
 His back starts to look like the McDonald's Arches 
 He's on Donald's carpet, layin horizontal, barfin' {​​​*BLEH*}​​​ 
 And everyone in the apartment starts laughin' at him 
 "H- hey Adam, Zach is a jackass, look at him!" 
 'Cause they took it too, so they think it's funny 
 So they're laughing at basically nothing 
 Except maybe wasting the money 
 Meanwhile, Zach's in a coma, the action is over 
 And his back and his shoulders 
 Hunched up like he's practicin' yoga (*gasp*) 
 And that's the story of Zach, the ecstasy maniac 
 So don't even feed that to squirrels, class 
 'Cause it's bad for you 
  
 [Hook: Teacher] 
 The kids, the kids! 
 Shady, what about the kids- 
 Don't forget about the kids, the kids! 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 And last but not least, one of the most humungous 
 Problems among young people today is fungus 
 It grows from cow manure 
 They pick it out, wipe it off, bag it up 
 And you put it- put it- put it- put it- put it-[Eminem] 
 Hi, my name is, my name is nobody famous 
 Guess what? I'm an anus 
 I'm here with Mancow, haha 
 You know how I do it, cause I kick this fluid when i do it 
 I bust it, I kill it and I crush it with Mancow 
 You don't understand how we do it 
 We land now with hits and freestyle flows 
 Cuz we the ish, I said ish backwards and guess what that is... 
 Shhh, yea I can't say that, yo, hit the playback 
 Check it, cause rappers don't know how to display that 
 Rhymes that I be kicking, freestyle when I be kicking 
 Sticking these, ribs sticking out, poverty stricken 
 I'm all hungry cause I ain't ate in ten minutes 
 I'm infinite, oh, hey, check it out, I'm Ken Kaniff 
  
 Oh, hi there man, oh yeah 
 Hell no bro, oh yeah, no, yeah 
 Oh here I am I'm chillin' with Mancow 
 You know how we do it man you know we got the know how 
 Mancow kick a freestyle1999 
 "My Name Is" 
 2000 
 "The Real Slim Shady" 
 "The Way I Am" 
 2001 
 "Stan" 
 2002 
 "Without Me" 
 "Cleanin' Out My Closet" 
 "Lose Yourself" 
 2003 
 "Superman" 
 "Sing For The Moment" 
 2004 
 "Just Lose It" 
 2005 
 "Encore" 
 "Like Toy Soliders" 
 "Mockingbird" 
 "Ass Like That" 
 "When I'm Gone" 
 2006 
 "Shake That" 
 2007 
 2008 
 2009 
 "We Made You" 
 "3am" 
 "Old Time's Sake" 
 "Beautiful" 
 "Insane" 
 2010 
 "Elevator" 
 "Hell Breaks Loose" 
 "Music Box" 
 "Not Afraid" 
 "25 to Life" 
 "Talkin' 2 Myself" 
 "Cold Wind Blows" 
 "Won't Back Down" 
 "No Love" 
 "Love The Way You Lie" 
 2011 
 2012 
 2013 
 "Beautiful Pain" 
 "The Monster" 
 2014 
 "Survival" 
 "Rap God" 
 "Berzerk" 
 "Headlights" 
 "Guts Over Fear" 
 2015 
 "Phenomenal" 
 "Kings Never Die"[Intro: Mark Avery & Eddie] 
 Meet Eddie, 23 years old 
 Fed up with life and the way things are going 
 (Goddamn, I'm going fucking insane) 
 He decides to rob a liquor store 
 (I gotta take this shit, I can't take it no more, holmes) 
 But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart 
 (Shit is mine) 
 And suddenly (I gotta do this) 
 His conscience comes into play (I gotta do this) 
  
 [Verse 1: Dr. Dre, Eminem, & (Eddie)] 
 Alright, stop (Huh?) 
 Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store 
 And try to get money out the drawer 
 You better think of the consequence (Who are you?) 
 I'm your mother****** conscience 
 That's nonsense 
 Go in, gaffle the money, and run to one of your aunt's cribs 
 And borrow a damn dress and one of her blond wigs 
 (Can I borrow this?) 
 Tell her you need a place to stay, you'll be safe for days 
 If you shave your legs with Renee's razor blades 
 Yeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed to 
 The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you 
 Think about it before you walk in the door first 
 Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns 
 Bump that, do that sh**, hit that lick 
 Can you afford to blow this hit? Are you that rich? 
 Why you care if you scared of death? Are you that chick? 
 Do you really think she gives a **** if you have kids? 
 Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it (You're right) 
 Not over this slit (Stop) 
 Drop the biscuit (I will) 
 Don't even listen to Slim, yo, he's bad for you 
 You know what, Dre? I don't like your attitude 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem & Mark Avery] 
 These voices, these voices, I hear them (Hear them, hear them) 
 And when they talk, I'll follow, I'll follow, I'll follow, I'll follow 
 (All these voices, these voices) Meet Stan, 21 years old 
 After meeting a young girl at a rave party (I hear them) 
 (And when they talk, I'll follow, I'll follow) 
 Things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom 
 (I'll follow, I'll follow) 
 Once again, his conscience comes into play (All these) 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem & Dr. Dre] 
 Now, listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek 
 And smearin' her lipstick, slip this in her drink 
 Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little chicken's earlobe 
 Yo, this girl's only fifteen years old 
 How could you take advantage of her? She's passed out 
 It's easy, just cut these lights out, that's how 
 Then pick this chicken up, get her off Brad's couch 
 And leave her on the front porch at her mom and dad's house 
 Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie Kids? 
 No, but I seen the porno with Sun Doobiest (Doobiest) 
 You wanna get hauled off to jail? 
 Bump that, drop her off, ring the doorbell, then bail 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem & Mark Avery] 
 These voices, these voices, I hear them (Hear them, hear them) 
 I'll follow, I'll follow, I'll follow (I'll follow) 
 Meet Grady, a 29-year-old construction worker 
 (These voices, these voices, I hear them, hear them) 
 After coming home from a hard day's work 
 He walks in the door of his trailer park home 
 (I'll follow, I'll follow, I'll follow, I'll follow) 
 To find his wife in bed with another man 
  
 [Verse 3: Dr. Dre & Eminem] 
 Alright, calm down, relax, start breathin' 
 Start breathin'? Man, you just caught your wife cheatin' 
 While you at work, she's with some dude tryna get off 
 Forget gettin' divorced, cut this chicken's head off 
 Wait, what if there's a good explanation for this? 
 What, she tripped, fell, landed on his ****? 
 Tsh, alright, Shady, maybe he's right, Grady 
 But think about the baby before you get all crazy 
 Okay, thought about it? Still wanna grab her? 
 Kick her our the house, get your daughter and kidnap her? 
 That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard 
 You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes? 
 What you say? 
 What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember? 
 I'ma kill you, you lil mothaf- 
 Uh-uh, temper, temper 
 Mr. Dre, Mr. N.W.A, Mr. AK 
 Comin' straight outta Compton, y'all better make way 
 How in the hell you gonna tell this man not to be violent? 
 'Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went 
 Been there, done that 
 Aw, **** it, what am I sayin'? 
 Do 'em both, Grady, where's your gun at?[Over intro] 
 'Eyo, what's going on, my name is Eminem and you're listening to the Stretch Armstrong and Whoo Kid mixtape, stupid 
 The Murda Mixtape; if you don't like it suck my penis 
 You know that little thing 
  
 [Intro] 
 May I have your attention, please? 
 May I have your attention, please? 
 Will the real Slim Shady please stand up? 
 I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up? 
 We're gonna have a problem here 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Y'all act like you never seen a white person before 
 Jaws all on the floor like Pam 
 Like Tommy just burst in the door 
 And started whoopin' her ass worse than before 
 They first were divorced, (Whoo Kid!) throwin' her over furniture {Aww!} 
 It's the return of the… "Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding 
 He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?" 
 And Dr. Dre said... nothing, you idiots 
 Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement (Ha ha!) 
 Feminist women love Eminem 
 "Chicka, chicka, chicka, Slim Shady, I'm sick of him 
 Look at him, walkin' around, grabbin' his you-know-what 
 Flippin' the you-know-who," "Yeah, but he's so cute though." 
 Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose 
 But no worse than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms 
 Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose 
 But can't, but it's cool for Tom Green to (What!?) hump a dead moose 
 "My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips" 
 And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss (Get back!) 
 And that's the message that we deliver to little kids 
 And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is 
 Of course they're gonna know what intercourse is 
 By the time they hit fourth grade 
 They've got the Discovery Channel, don't they? 
 We ain't nothing but mammals—well, some of us, cannibals 
 Who cut other people open like cantaloupes 
 But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes, then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope (Eugh) 
 But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote 
 Women, wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus, and it goes… 
  
 [Hook] 
 I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just (Stretch Armstrong is now in your world) imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
 I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records 
 Well, I do, so fuck him and fuck you too! (Ha ha!) 
 You think I give a damn about a Grammy? 
 Half of you critics can't even stomach me 
 Let alone stand me 
 "But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?" 
 Why, so you guys could just lie to get me here? 
 So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears? 
 Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs 
 So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst 
 And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first 
 Little bitch put me on blast on MTV 
 "Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee." 
 I should download the audio on MP3 
 And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD 
 I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups 
 All you do is annoy me 
 So I have been sent here to destroy you 
 And there's a million of us just like me 
 Who cuss like me, who just don't give a fuck like me 
 Who dress like me; walk, talk, and act like me 
 And just might be the next best thing, but not quite me 
  
 [Hook] 
 I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
 I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I'm like a head trip to listen to 
 ‘Cause I'm only givin' you things you joke about with your friends inside your livin' room 
 The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of y'all 
 And I don't gotta be false (Hah!) or sugarcoat it at all 
 I just get on the mic and spit it 
 And whether you like to admit it 
 I just shit it better than 90% of you rappers out can 
 Then you wonder: "How can 
 Kids eat up these albums like Valiums?" 
 It's funny, ‘cause at the rate I'm going, when I'm 30 
 I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting 
 Pinching nurse's asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens 
 And I'm jerking, but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working 
 And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking 
 He could be working at Burger King 
 Spittin' on your onion rings 
 Or in the parking lot, circling, screamin', "I don't give a fuck!" 
 With his windows down and his system up 
 So will the real Shady please stand up 
 And put one of those fingers on each hand up? 
 And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control 
 And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go? 
  
 [Hook] 
 I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
 I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
 I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? 
 I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady 
 All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating 
 So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up 
 Please stand up, please stand up? (Haha!) 
  
 [Outro] 
 Ha ha, I guess there’s a Slim Shady in all of us 
 Fuck it, let’s all stand upBu şarkının sözleri henüz yayınlanmadı. Lütfen daha sonra tekrardan kontrol edinizWant some water? 
 No, I think I'm okay 
 Rainshine 
  
 I don't care how sick you say it's gonna get 
 My big ass bubble has not busted yet 
 Because I feel 
 I feel fine, I feel fine 
 Yes I feel 
 I feel fine, I feel fine 
 Yes I feel, I feel fine, I feel fine 
 Yes I feel, I feel fine 
  
 New time again, dis a new time again 
 For de time now, de dodge a man him come through and then 
 Me no want no war, me say between no man 
 'Cause this hear time dodge a no work for satan 
 Lord have mercy 
 Lord have his mercy 
 Lord have mercy 
 Lord have his mercy 
  
 You know what? 
 I've got nothing to complain about 
 My breath is bad 
 But my beer is stout 
 So take my hand and let us jump about 
 'Cause we got nothing to complain about 
 The sky is grey 
 I think it's gonna rain 
 But that's okay 
 'Cause hell, I like the rain 
 So join me here in this here refrain 
 And shut your shit 
 And don't complain 
 What? 
 'Cause we got nothing to complain about 
 And you got nothing to complain about 
 So c'mon 
 It ain't that difficult to figure out 
 That we've got nothing to complain about 
 So c'mon 
  
 A man a shot upon him, life through the dark 
 When you check it out, it's a natural fact 
 Jah jah have good judgement when you do all you want 
 And if... 
  
 You can speak of babylon while you're around me 
 'Cause every single little thing I see astounds me 
 Rainshine... 
  
 Inna this time, me no fight 'gainst no man 
 Me no want no man come try to test dodge 
 'Cause when you check it out and go upon one mission 
 And God and the Father and me inspiration 
 Me test upon a mission and a one-way plan 
 Me no want no man try disrespect me fashion 
 'Cause when you check it out and put inspiration 
 And that is how a you go reach Mount Zion 
  
 I feel magical, mystical, motherful, logistical 
  
 Lord have his mercy 
  
 Magical, mystical, motherful, logistical 
 Magical, mystical 
 Magical 
 Magical, mystical 
  
 Look around X3 
 On the ground X2 
 There's a finger on my blister[Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady 
 I'm a M-80, you little like that Kim lady 
 I'm buzzin', Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer 
 Cursin' at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer 
 You wacker than the motherfucker you bit yo' style from 
 You ain't gon' sell two copies if you press a double album 
 Admit it, fuck it, while we comin' out in the open 
 I'm doin' acid, crack, smack, coke, and smokin' dope then 
 My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic 
 I have a disease and they don't know what to call it 
 Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm comin' up quick to strip yo' cash 
 Bought a ticket to yo' concert just to come and whip yo' ass 
 Bitch, I'm comin' out swingin' so fast it'll make yo' eyes spin 
 You gettin' knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson (Pshh) 
 The proof is in the puddin', just ask DeShaun Holton 
 I'll slit yo' motherfuckin' throat worse than Ron Goldman 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 So when you see me on yo' block with two Glocks 
 Screamin', "Fuck the world" like 2Pac (I just don't give a fuck) 
 Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin' 
 Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack (I just don't give a fuck) 
 So put my tape back on the rack, go run and tell your friends 
 My shit is wack (I just don't give a fuck) 
 But see me on the street and duck 
 'Cause you gon' get stuck, stoned, and snuffed 
 ('Cause I just don't give a fuck) 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a search to crush a milkbone 
 I'm everlastin', I melt vanilla ice like silicone 
 I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason 
 I'm colder than snow season when it's 20 below freezin' 
 Flavor with no seasoning, this is the sneak preview 
 I'll diss yo' magazine and still won't get a weak review 
 I'll make yo' freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals 
 This is lyrical combat, gentlemen, hold your pistols 
 But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles 
 Slim Shady, M&M was the old initials (Bye-bye) 
 Extortion, snortin', supportin' abortion 
 Pathological liar, blowin' shit outta proportion 
 The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic 
 Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict 
 Half animal, half man 
 Dumpin' yo' dead body inside of a fuckin' trash can 
 With more holes than an afghan 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 So when you see me on yo' block with two Glocks 
 Screamin', "Fuck the world" like 2Pac (I just don't give a fuck) 
 Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin' 
 Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack (I just don't give a fuck) 
 So put my tape back on the rack, go run and tell your friends 
 My shit is wack (I just don't give a fuck) 
 But see me on the street and duck 
 'Cause you finna get stuck, stoned, and snuffed 
 ('Cause I just don't give a fuck) 
  
 [Verse 3: Eminem] 
 Somebody let me out this limousine (Hey, let me out) 
 I'm a caged demon 
 On stage screamin' like Rage Against the Machine 
 I'm convinced I'm a fiend 
 Shootin' up while this record is spinnin' 
 Clinically brain-dead, I don't need a second opinion 
 Fuck droppin' a jewel, I'm flippin' a sacred treasure 
 I'll bite yo' motherfuckin' style just to make it fresher 
 I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches 
 Sick of naggin' bosses bitchin' while I'm washin' dishes 
 In school, I never said much, too busy havin' a head rush 
 Doin' too much rush, had my face flushed like red blush 
 Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed 
 Went to gym in eighth grade, raped the women's swim team 
 Don't take me for a joke, I'm no comedian 
 Too many mental problems got me snortin' coke and smokin' weed again 
 I'm goin' up over the curb, drivin' on the median 
 Finally made it home but I don't got the key to get in 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 So when you see me on yo' block with two Glocks 
 Screamin', "Fuck the world" like 2Pac (I just don't give a fuck) 
 Talkin' that shit behind my back, dirty mackin' 
 Tellin' your boys that I'm on crack (I just don't give a fuck) 
 So put my tape back on the rack, go run and tell your friends 
 My shit is wack (I just don't give a fuck) 
 But see me on the street and duck 
 'Cause you finna get stuck, stoned, and snuffed 
 ('Cause I just don't give a fuck)All i got to do is throw any word at you, you can take any word and just rhyme wth it, i'm like.. 
  
 Whatever 
 Technical 
  
 Technical? I had spectacles back in school, yo, you just expect a fool 
 If you try to clam with me, if you ain't down with me, and i ain't tryna have you around me 
  
 Traffic emergencies 
  
 Traffic emergencies, tragic emergencies, it's an urgency, it burns when i pee, i'm the illest MC, from the motherfreakin D, the 3-1-3 
  
 Misproduction 
  
 The misproduction, rappers get sucked up into suction, cause they suck when they called up the station tryna bust for 30 seconds, yo slim shady, i mate hit records 
  
 Discombobulatorboobulator 
  
 Discombobulatorboobulator, yo, i get your b**** inflated, like Pamela Leigh, she wants to sample a pee, from me, doesn't matter cause she f'd the camera... 
  
  
 ....tremendo mind state 
  
 The mind state of the crime rate, will elevate, when i accelerate, i levitate, give me another word, don't let me say rhymes, that your mother heard... 
  
 ... supercalafragilisticexpealidocious 
  
 Supercalafragilisticexpealidocious, i smacked women with a closed fist, yo, i punch 'em, right in the nose when i be scrunchin, at the function, at the family function, or at ya picnic, give this ick quick, i'm willing to say, D infront of it, but rappers they don't want none of it, cause any MC i'll put on this verbal punishment.. 
  
 <<<< Other guy rapping >>>> 
 Eurgh, lets let the dog check it 
 Yo ain't the cyfer yo, yo ain't the cyfer tonight 
 Got to be a dope MC that rock this mic 
 Now what's yo name? 
 Em: 
 My name's slim shady 
  
 Other guy: 
 And what you do? 
  
 Em: 
 And we did it like Jim Brady; i rock 
  
 Yo, i'm lil' like that Kim lady, when i be steppin to this mic just like a M-80 
 I blowing up the spot and i can rock right off the top, rappers don't wanna believe that everything ima drop, that som's gonna be hot weather you like it or not, thought a cypher a spot, cause i'm nitrogen hot 
 Rappers wanna try to step, this way that i kept, it's rep up, any rapper that wanna test the step up, cause I come offa the top, or a ?ridden?, i'm ishing, i wanted the same the real way but I stray written, bustin, killin, crushin, well i'm flushin this rappers that are b** rushin, blood ones rushin 
 Coming outta ya brain rappers know that i'm the same, they don't wanna step to this, they don't wanna feel the pain 
 Like DMX "what? you gon think that he's gon step to this now? eurgh, yo, you don't think you wanna f*** with this now" yoYeah! (one) 
 As we proceed to give you what you need 
 (One, two...) 
 It's all fucked up now 
 What the fuck y’all gonna do now? 
  
 Back with Andre the Giant, Mr. Elephant Tusk 
 Fix your musk, you'll be just another one bit the dust 
 Just one of my mother's sons who got thrown under the bus 
 Kiss my butt, lick fromunda cheese from under my nuts 
 It disgusts me to see the game the way that it looks 
 It’s a must, I redeem my name and haters get mushed 
 Bitches lust, man, they love me when I lay in the cut 
 Fisticuffs, the lady give her eighty-some paper cuts 
 Now picture us; it's ridiculous, you curse at the thought 
 'Cause when I spit the verse the shit gets worse than Worcestershire sauce 
 If I could fit the words, it's picture perfect, works every time 
 Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes 
 It's elementary, the elephants have entered the room 
 I venture to say we're the center of attention, it's true 
 Not to mention back with a vengeance, so hence the signal 
 Of the bat symbol, the platinum trio's back on you hoes 
  
 Sometimes I feel like it’s so hard for me 
 To come up with shit to say, ayy 
 I’m at a loss for words, 'cause y’all already said it all 
 I think I'm runnin' outta clichés 
 I'm gettin’ writers block 
 'Cause sometimes I feel like it's so hard for me 
 To come up with shit to say, ayy 
 I'm at a loss for words, 'cause y'all already said it all 
 I think I'm runnin' outta clichés 
 I'm gettin' writers block 
 (Sometimes, sometimes, sometimes) 
  
 I put a kick in the backbones of clones with microphones 
 Never satisfy my rhyme jones 
 Spraying bright day over what you might say 
 My blood type's Krylon, technicolor type A 
 On highways, bright with road rage 
 Pages of wind in cages of tin that bounce all around 
 (Surround sound) Devouring the scene 
 Subliminal gangrene paintings, overall the same thing 
 Sing-song karaoke copy bullsh** 
 Break bones verbally with sticks-and-stone tactics 
 Fourth dimension combat convention 
 Write rhymes at ease while the track stands at attention 
 Meant to put you away, with a pencil pistol official 
 Sixteen-line, the rhyme missile 
 While you risk your all, I pick out all your flaws 
 Spittin' rah blah blah blah, you can say you some- 
  
 Sometimes I feel like it's so hard for me 
 To come up with shit to say, ayy 
 I'm at a loss for words, 'cause y'all already said it all 
 I think I'm runnin' outta clichés 
 I'm gettin' writers block 
 'Cause sometimes I feel like it's so hard for me 
 To come up with shit to say, ayy 
 I'm at a loss for words, 'cause y'all already said it all 
 I think I'm runnin' outta clichés 
 I'm gettin' writers block 
 (Sometimes, sometimes, sometimes) 
  
 My mind state, raise the crime rate 
 Break a whole brick down for old times sake 
 Push an avalanche, the alpine shake 
 The coupes, vanilla beam 
 Deceased as pound cake 
 In my condo bitches with tatties on 
 Walls full of mirrors, heaven for it at it long 
 My life the fast lane, getting my Andretti on 
 Blow it all, you can't take it when you dead and gone 
 You can't hide it, I smell the fear 
 I can't either, you smell a millionaire 
 All crack money, now rap money 
 Poor platinum niggas, fuckin' rap dummies 
 I rap mummies, that's kilograms 
 My brother's keeper like Nino's man 
 That's G money, ghetto D money 
 1996, Master P money, gone 
  
 Sometimes I feel like it's so hard for me 
 To come up with shit to say, ayy 
 I'm at a loss for words, 'cause y'all already said it all 
 I think I'm runnin' outta clichés 
 I'm gettin' writers block 
 'Cause sometimes I feel like it's so hard for me 
 To come up with shit to say, ayy 
 I'm at a loss for words, 'cause y'all already said it all 
 I think I'm runnin' outta clichés 
 I'm gettin' writers block 
 (Sometimes, sometimes, sometimes)[Intro: Mark Avery & Eddie] 
 Meet Eddie, 23 years old 
 Fed up with life and the way things are going 
 (Damn, I'm going fucking insane) 
 He decides to rob a liquor store 
 (I gotta take this shit, I can’t take it no more, holmes) 
 But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart 
 (Shit is mine) 
 And suddenly (I gotta do this) 
 His conscience comes into play (I gotta do this) 
  
 [Verse 1: Dr. Dre, Eminem, & (Eddie)] 
 Alright, stop (Huh?) 
 Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store 
 And try to get money out the drawer 
 You better think of the consequence (Who are you?) 
 I'm your mother****** conscience 
 That's nonsense 
 Go in, gaffle the money, and run to one of your aunt’s cribs 
 And borrow a damn dress and one of her blond wigs 
 (Can I borrow this?) 
 Tell her you need a place to stay, you'll be safe for days 
 If you shave your legs with Renee's razor blades 
 Yeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed to 
 The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you 
 Think about it before you walk in the door first 
 Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns 
 Bump that, do that sh**, hit that lick 
 Can you afford to blow this hit? Are you that rich? 
 Why you care if you scared of death? Are you that chick? 
 Do you really think she gives a **** if you have kids? 
 Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it (You’re right) 
 Not over this slit (Stop) 
 Drop the biscuit (I will) 
 Don’t even listen to Slim, yo, he's bad for you 
 You know what, Dre? I don’t like your attitude 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem & Mark Avery] 
 These voices, these voices, I hear them 
 And when they talk, I'll follow, I'll follow, I'll follow, I’ll follow 
 (All these voices, these voices) Meet Stan, 21 years old 
 After meeting a young girl at a rave party (I hear them, hear them) 
 (And when they talk, I'll follow, I'll follow) 
 Things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom 
 (I'll follow, I'll follow) 
 Once again, his conscience comes into play (All these) 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem & Dr. Dre] 
 Now, listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek 
 And smearin' her lipstick, slip this in her drink 
 Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little chicken's earlobe 
 Yo, this girl's only fifteen years old 
 How could you take advantage of her? She's passed out 
 It's easy, just cut these lights out, that's how 
 Then pick this chicken up, get her off Brad's couch 
 And leave her on the front porch at her mom and dad's house 
 Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie Kids? 
 No, but I seen the porno with Sun Doobiest (Doobiest) 
 You wanna get hauled off to jail? 
 Bump that, drop her off, ring the doorbell, then bail 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem & Mark Avery] 
 These voices, these voices, I hear them 
 And when they talk, I'll follow, I'll follow, I'll follow, I'll follow 
 Meet Grady, a 29-year-old construction worker 
 (All these voices, these voices) 
 After coming home from a hard day's work (I hear them) 
 (And when they talk, I'll follow) 
 He walks in the door of his trailer park home 
 (I'll follow, I'll follow) 
 To find his wife in bed with another man (I'll follow all these) 
  
 [Verse 3: Dr. Dre & Eminem] 
 Alright, calm down, relax, start breathin' 
 Start breathin'? Man, you just caught your wife cheatin' 
 While you at work, she's with some dude tryna get off 
 Forget gettin' divorced, cut this chicken's head off 
 Wait, what if there's a good explanation for this? 
 What, she tripped, fell, landed on his ****? 
 Tsh, alright, Shady, maybe he's right, Grady 
 But think about the baby before you get all crazy 
 Okay, thought about it? Still wanna grab her? 
 Kick her our the house, get your daughter and kidnap her? 
 That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard 
 You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes? 
 What you say? 
 What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember? 
 I'ma kill you, you lil mothaf- 
 Uh-uh, temper, temper 
 Mr. Dre, Mr. N.W.A, Mr. AK 
 Comin' straight outta Compton, y'all better make way 
 How in the hell you gonna tell this man not to be violent? 
 'Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went 
 Been there, done that 
 Aw, **** it, what am I sayin'? 
 Do 'em both, Grady, where's your gun at?"Breaking news: Detroit rapper Eminem cancels his sold-out European tour to check himself into rehab after admitting an addiction to sleep medication. We'll have more on this story as it develops." 
 "Shady Records recording artist Obie Trice has apparently survived a gunshot to the head in what appears to be a random drive-by shooting. Meanwhile, Eminem is rumored to be alienated--" 
 "On again/off again relationship with..." 
 "This just in, a tour bus involving Eminem's bus..." 
 "Updating a story we brought you earlier about gunfire at an after-hours club, we've learned that the rapper Proof has been fatally shot." 
 "Shady/Aftermath recording artist..." 
 "Long-time best friend of Eminem and a member of the rap group D12" 
 "D12, back in the news again today..." 
 "Is it a sabbatical or the end? The rumors and speculation continue to swirl around Eminem. He insists he's just taking a break, but doubters believe he's retiring, leaving us all to ask, 'Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?'"Intro: 
 All y'all niggas I don't give a fuck who you're runnin' with, this is thug life nigga, the new generation motherfucker, you ain't killing' ease with me.. 
  
 Verse 1 Eminem: 
  
 You're looking at Attila, the psychopathic killer, the caterpillar 
 Don't tell me when I'm supposed to rap until 
 Especially when your favorite rapper ain't even half as ill 
 A savage still, the track's a banana peel, attack of the silverback gorilla 
 You're havin' a little trouble fathomin' this is actually happenin' 
 Like Anderson Silva back when he snapped his shin in half 
 And then had the shit hangin' by a flap of skin 
 After he tried to plant the shit back on the mat again 
 Pad to pen I’m batty like eyelids when they're blinkin' a lot 
 You copy me, but you're not 
 You can't be butterflies, my offsprings are just moths 
 I see that thing I'ma squash it and rip the wings of it off 
 So ring the alarm, pull the extinguishers off of the wall 
 Set the sprinklers off like Jada Pinkett and Queen Latifah 
 'Till the shingles come off the roof we'll shout at the ceiling 
 Slaughterhouse in the building, middle fingers aloft 
 Say what I think when I rhyme, in ink-pen I talk 
 And the language I speak is my mind 
 Kingpin and Penguin combined 
 Spit like it's King of the Dot 
 A singular thought I think of will help you distinguish apart 
 The frauds from the cream of the crop 
 (Wait a minute) Hold up like a flashcard 
 Damn dawg, is that copyin' or payin' homage? 
 It's sad because dad taught you to rap as a damn toddler 
 My dad is your grandfather, I'll have to re-hatch on you 
 Come back as a black wasp, half yellow jacket, you can't swat a 
 Sasquatch dancing on top of an ant trample it and stomp it 
 Smash it and stand on it, dammit, I can't stop it 
 The rap is a vag' and I'm goin' in like a tampon in this bitch 
 It's a manslaughter 
 Stampin' out grasshoppers, you can't be no Rap Gods 
 In fact you're exact opposites, you make a wack song 
 And can't hold a candle but even Daniel-san whacks off 
 You jack-offs need to come to grips like a hand job 
 The boom bap is coming back with an axe to mumble rap 
 Lumberjack with a hacksaw 
 Number one, but my pencils are number twos 
 'Cause that's all I dos with 'em, poop is my pseudonym 
 On the john like a prostitute when I'm droppin' a deuce 
 And when I'm producing them lyrical bowel movements 
 These beats are like my saloons 
 'Cause these bars always got my stools in 'em 
 And I don't need Metamucil to loosen 'em 
 Bitch, shit is real like I pooped Jerusalem 
 I'm 'bout to go spin another cocoon 
 Then I'm cuttin' you from your mother's womb 
 Then I'm flushin' you! 
  
 Verse 2 Busta Rhymes: 
  
 Busta Rhymes, word mother y'all, check it out y'all 
 Just swing to the left, swing to the right 
 Make ya feel good, feel alright 
 One time, feel good yeah y'all 
 Busta Rhymes in the place y'all 
 Makin' you feel real good y'all 
 Flipmode is the Squad in the place y'all 
  
 Buckwild to all of my niggas who don’t care 
 Floss like a bunch of young black millionaires 
 Makin ya run, me and my Dunn, stackin my ones 
 Floss a lil', invest up in a mutual fund 
 Blowin the horn, a sense of every day I was born 
 Never dream I see a nigga landscaping my lawn 
 Dangerous, my nigga shit be accurate 
 Have to get, the flow be so immaculate 
 Ayo, ayo, watchin' my dough, sippin' my Moe' 
 Slippin in slow, them pretty bitches sayin hello 
 Anyway go ‘head and diss, play your Oil of Olay 
 Little honeydip within a little Cariola 
 I don’t mean to hold you up but I got somethin' to say 
 Swear to only give you hot shit everyday 
 Afraid of us, you know this ain’t no game to us 
 You strange to us, that’s when we gettin' dangerous, come on 
  
 This, is, serious 
 We could make you delirious 
 You should have a healthy fear of us 
 'Cause too much of us is dangerous 
 So dangerous, we so dangerous 
 My Flipmode Squad is dangerous 
 So dangerous, we so dangerous 
 My whole entire unit is dangerous 
  
 Hold your breath, we swingin it from right to left 
 Word to Wyclef, nigga shit be hot to death 
 Stayin Alive, you know only the stronger survive 
 Holdin my heat, under my seat, whippin my five 
 Bassline for all of my people movin around 
 Give me a pound, all of my niggas holdin it down 
 Cuttin you up, the new shit, ruckin you up 
 Fuckin you up, my black hole, suckin you up 
 Back in the days, a nigga used to be ass out 
 Now a nigga holdin' several money market accounts 
 Blaze the street, and then I would just like to announce 
 Feelin' my groove, my jigga jigga makin' you bounce 
 Others is fair, me and my niggas breakin the bread 
 Straight gettin it, we got you niggas holdin your head 
 Afraid of us, you know this ain’t no game to us 
 You strange to us, that’s when we gettin' dangerous, come on 
  
 This, is, serious 
 We could make you delirious 
 You should have a healthy fear of us 
 Cause too much of us is dangerous 
 We so dangerous, we so dangerous 
 My Flipmode Squad is dangerous 
 We so dangerous, we so dangerous 
 My whole entire unit is dangerous 
  
 Verse 3 DMX: 
 Don't making an ease with me, fuck nigga, young motherfucking thugs, this how with do it, don't make it an ease nigga 
 Six number one albums, imagine that 
 Cats is sick, cause dog got his swagger back 
 If that shit go, nah I ain't havin' that 
 But they don't want it, I'mma still grab the bat 
 Shit ain't the same, cats done changed the game 
 Fuck it, all y'all niggas is lame, what's my motherfuckin' name? 
 (Come on) Twenty million records sold 
 While y'all niggas is strugglin' to go gold! 
 Come on papi! Can't none of y'all niggas stop me 
 Yahmean? Y'all niggas is sloppy 
 What would the game be without me? Nada! 
 Cats talkin' about a whole lotta, Prada 
 Gucci and scota, Louie Vuitton 
 Come on, what up with what's really goin' on? 
 "What's hood?" You don't wanna fight yo, I get's my strap on 
 Put niggas' lights out {*clapping noise*} clap on! 
  
 Verse 4 2Pac: 
  
 We the realest 
 Fuck 'em, we Bad Boy killas! 
 First off, fuck yo' bitch and the clique you claim 
 Westside when we ride, come equipped with game 
 You claim to be a player, but I fucked your wife 
 We bust on Bad Boys, niggas fucked for life 
 Plus, Puffy tryna see me, weak hearts I rip 
 Biggie Smalls and Junior M.A.F.I.A. is some mark-ass bitches 
 We keep on comin' while we runnin' for your jewels 
 Steady gunnin', keep on bustin' at them fools, you know the rules 
 Lil' Caesar, go ask your homie how I'll leave ya 
 Cut your young-ass up, leave you in pieces, now be deceased 
 Lil' Kim, don't fuck around with real G's 
 Quick to snatch yo' ugly ass off the streets, so fuck peace! 
 I'll let them niggas know it's on for life 
 Don't let the Westside ride tonight (ha ha ha) 
 Bad Boy murdered on wax and killed 
 Fuck with me and get yo' caps peeled, you know 
  
 See, grab your Glocks when you see 2Pac 
 Call the cops when you see 2Pac, uh 
 Who shot me? But you punks didn't finish 
 Now you 'bout to feel the wrath of a menace 
 Nigga, I hit 'em up! 
  
 Check this out, you motherfuckers know what time it is 
 I don't even know why I'm on this track 
 Y'all niggas ain't even on my level 
 I'ma let my little homies ride 
 On you bitch-made ass Bad Boy bitches, feel it! 
  
 See, grab your Glocks when you see 2Pac 
 Call the cops when you see 2Pac, uh 
 Who shot me? But you punks didn't finish 
 Now you 'bout to feel the wrath of a menace 
 Nigga, we hit 'em up! 
  
 Peep how we do it, keep it real as penitentiary steel 
 This ain't no freestyle battle, all you niggas gettin' killed 
 With your mouths open 
 Tryna come up off of me, you in the clouds hopin' 
 Smokin' dope, it's like a sherm high 
 Niggas think they learned to fly 
 But they burn, motherfucker, you deserve to die 
 Talkin' about you gettin' money, but it's funny to me 
 All you niggas livin' bummy while you fuckin' with me 
 I'm a self-made millionaire 
 Thug livin', out of prison, pistols in the air (ha ha) 
 Biggie, remember when I used to let you sleep on the couch 
 And beg a bitch to let you sleep in the house? 
 Now it's all about Versace, you copied my style 
 Five shots couldn't drop me, I took it and smiled 
 Now I'm back to set the record straight 
 With my AK, I'm still the thug that you love to hate 
 Motherfucker, I hit 'em up! 
 Now you tell me who won 
 I see them, they run, ha ha 
 They don't wanna see us 
 Whole Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique dressin' up tryna be us 
 How the fuck they gonna be the mob 
 When we always on our job? 
 We millionaires 
 Killin' ain't fair, but somebody gotta do it 
 Oh yeah, Mobb Deep, you wanna fuck with us? 
 You little young-ass motherfuckers 
 Don't one of you niggas got sickle-cell or somethin'? 
 You're fuckin' with me, nigga 
 You fuck around and have a seizure or a heart attack 
 You better back the fuck up 
 Before you get smacked the fuck up 
 This is how we do it on our side 
 Any of you niggas from New York that wanna bring it, bring it! 
 But we ain't singin', we bringin' drama 
 Fuck you and yo' motherfuckin' mama! 
 We gon' kill all you motherfuckers! 
 Now when I came out I told you it was just about Biggie 
 Then everybody had to open their mouth 
 With a motherfuckin' opinion 
 Well, this is how we gonna do this: fuck Mobb Deep! Fuck Biggie! 
 Fuck Bad Boy as a staff, record label and as a motherfuckin' crew! 
 And if you wanna be down with Bad Boy, then fuck you too! 
 Chino XL, fuck you too! 
 All you motherfuckers, fuck you too! 
 (Take money, take money) 
 All of y'all motherfuckers, fuck you, die slow! 
 Motherfucker, my .44 make sho' all y'all kids don't grow! 
 You motherfuckers can't be us or see us 
 We motherfuckin' Thug Life ridas 
 Westside 'til we die! 
 Out here in California, nigga, we warned ya 
 We'll bomb on you motherfuckers! We do our job! 
 You think you mob? Nigga, we the motherfuckin' mob! 
 Ain't nothin' but killas 
 And the real niggas, all you motherfuckers feel us 
 Our shit goes triple and 4-quadruple 
 You niggas laugh 'cause our staff got guns under their motherfuckin' belts 
 You know how it is: when we drop records, they felt 
 You niggas can't feel it, we the realest 
 Fuck 'em, we Bad Boy killas![Verse 1: Slim Shady] 
  
 It's the Bushman with art in a dart 
 It’s six o clock sharp you hear them dogs startin to bark 
 And while they're carving a mark in ya arm, with teeth sharper than sharks 
 Im out in the parking lot stripping ya car for ya parts 
 Boy I was rhyming when you was mispronouncing my name 
 Like E-minem, now you look for my tapes and can’t find em 
 Back in the day I'da killed for some radio play 
 But now i’m with Dre, and I still don’t give a fuck either way 
 But ima trust Bush to give me a thrust and a push 
 While these other radio stations are busy playin’ puss 
 So look to the next man and if he ain’t clapping his hands 
 Throw him in the bush so fast he gets stabbed in his back with a branch 
 It’s 98 the one station that runs town 
 And two DJs rippin’ from sun up to sun down 
 From sun down to sun up 
 Slim shady still don’t give a thumbs down 
 With three fingers and keep the middle one up 
 It’s 98 WJLB 
 Watch in October for the Slim Shady LP 
  
 [Outro] 
 Bushman art in a dart 
 Bushman art in a dartGiriş: 
 Yo, ses kontrol (Sikim!) 
 Ses, bir, iki… Siktir 
 Sikim, taşşaklarım! 
  
 Verse 1: 
 Tutumum N.W.A’inkinden daha kötü 
 Seninle saçma bir şey üstüne savaşacağım 
 Ve yapacak bir şeyi olmayan insanları dissleyeceğim 
 Aynı Cool J’in yaptığı gibi (dövmem!) 
 Beni evinin dışında durmuş 
 ‘’Puffy iyi ama Slim Shady çocuklar için!’’ diye bağırırken görüyorsun 
 Hayatıma yeni bir ışıkla bakıyorum 
 Siktir et bana ik mikrofon ver 
 Şarkıları kendim için yazıyorum, ne düşündüğünü siklemiyorum 
 Beni büyük ihtimal yarım yamalak rap yaparken duyacaksın 
 Çünkü artık rapi sevmiyorum 
 Porno kariyerimin başlaması için uğraşıyorum 
 Her yerde ve her olayda bulundum 
 Siktir, Dre beni giderken valizin içine tıkadı 
 Anlaşmak mı istiyorsun? Bu 5 derse çalış 
 Ders 1: Anlaşmalı rapperlara bolca demo gönder 
 Ders 2: Karşılarına çık ve onları dissle (Naber adamım?) 
 Onlara demo gönderme, onları kaçır 
 Ve onları mekanına gelip, dinlemeye zorla. (Hadi orospu çocuğu benimle geliyorsun, şuna bi kulak ver) 
 Ders 3: Stüdyoda bir iş bul 
 Demoları Canibus ile değiş ve kendi demolarını patronun masasına koy 
 Ders 4: Bunu daha önce duydun 
 ‘’Hey, bana numaranı ver, seni yarın arayacağız!’’ 
 Eğer bir anlaşma imzalamak istiyorsan asla hayran gibi davranma 
 A&R şirketindeki en beyaz kişiyi bul (hey dostum, gel buraya) 
 Onu tut ve yapabileceğin en boktan rapi yap 
 Ders 5: Jive stüdyosundan biriyle tanış 
 I.C.P gibi giyin ve onların gelip seni canlı izlemesini sağla 
 Ve işte anahtar, ama beni eğer sokakta görürsen 
 Siklemeyeceğim orospu, yanıma gelmeye çalışma 
 Tuvalet suyu götüme sıçrıyor çünkü ben rap yaparken sıçıyorum 
 Aynı Master P gibi (Uğğğ) 
 Paula Jones’a blowjob yaptırdım ve ağzına kökledim 
 Toplarım, iki köprücük kemiğinide kırdı 
 Mya’ya söyle tüm bu olanlar ehh-işteydi 
 Alyssa Milano’ya sifilis ve belsoğukluğu ver 
 Ve takıldığım üç kızda bana ‘’Görüşürüz!’’ diyor 
 ‘Çünkü Brandy ve Monica beni Aaliyah’ı sikerken yakaladı 
 Banyoda suyla oynuyorum 
 Bir avuç dolusu hapı, ortadan ikiye böl, iç ve gül 
 Beyaz serseri, sen çim biçme makinene gaz doldururken 
 Karını götünden sikiyor 
  
 Nakarat: 
 Yani ben özgüvenini zedeledim ve seni çok kötü dissledim? (Hey, neden beni dissledin?) 
 Biliyorsun bunu sadece seni kızdırmak için söylüyorum 
 Ve ben senin olmasını istediğin boktan şeylerden bahsederken (Büyük bir sik) 
 Biliyorsun ki sadece seni kızdırmak için söylüyorum 
 Bu şarkıyı dinleyemem, bu çok üzücü 
 Biliyorsun ki sadece seni kızdırmak için söylüyorum 
 O başaramayacak, bileğindeki kesik çok kötü (Hemşire! Hemşire!) 
 Biliyorsun ki sadece seni kızdırmak için söylüyorum 
  
 Verse 2 
 Ne güzel bir gün! Dışarı çıkıp, oynamalıyım 
 Evde oturup, kış uykusuna yatmak için bir sebebim yok 
 Hey, Renee! Yoluna bir bomba fırlatmak üzereyim o yüzden yoldan çekil 
 Jiletten yapılmış AIDS’li bir kılıçtan korkuyor musun? 
 Üzerinden kan damlıyor 
 Karnını deşiyor aynı tutkal gibi 
 Bir çok şey söylüyorsun ama asla iyi değilsin 
 Ben seni bir yastıkla boğabilecek kadar deliyim 
 İnekleri öldürdüm sırf şaka olsun diye 
 Zıpladım ve bir zürafayı boğdum 
 Boynunu kırdım ve ikiye ayırdım 
 Af diliyorum, sahneye çıkıyorum 
 Ve Cage’e Ajan Orange ile saydırıyorum 
 Sonrada kıçımı onun Source’taki sayfasıyla siliyorum 
 Şeytan burada, bu sene ortaya çıkıyor 
 Ses kutusunu parçaladım ve kulağına bağırdım 
 Bu hile değil, orospu bu bir imaj 
 Sikliyor muyum? Siklemek ne demek bilmiyorum 
 ‘’Evet, bu adamın iyi olduğunu düşünmüyorum’’ 
 Kafam çok iyi,  seni canlı bir kediyle öldürürüm 
 Ben senin… Ben senin… Taşşaklarını dolabına koyarım 
 Taşşaklarına çivili sopayla vururum 
 Boynunu keser, kafanı arkaya çeviririm 
 Ve seni öyle bırakırım 
 Sen seni Chris-stiff-er Reeves’ten bile biçimsiz bir şekilde bırakmaya can atan 
 Likörleri karıştıran bir serseriyi tetikledin 
 Annen emzirirken ona et yiyen bakteriler vereceğim 
 Ben bir çekiç alıp, dizlerini kıracak 
 Sonrada South Central L.A.’de dizleri kanarken yüreyecek birinden daha hastayım 
 (Ben Blood muyum yoksa Crip mi?) 
 Ertesi gün solunum makinesinde uyanıyorsun 
 Vurulduğun an aklına geliyor ve sahne tekrarlıyor 
 Eğer yaşarsan bunu anlatmaktan korkacaksın 
 Aynı Biggie ve Pac şakası gibi 
  
 Nakarat: 
 Yani ben özgüvenini zedeledim ve seni çok kötü dissledim? (Hey, neden beni dissledin?) 
 Biliyorsun bunu sadece seni kızdırmak için söylüyorum 
 Ve ben senin olmasını istediğin boktan şeylerden bahsederken (Büyük bir sik) 
 Biliyorsun ki sadece seni kızdırmak için söylüyorum 
 Bu şarkıyı dinleyemem, bu çok üzücü 
 Biliyorsun ki sadece seni kızdırmak için söylüyorum 
 O başaramayacak, bileğindeki kesik çok kötü (Hemşire! Hemşire!) 
 Biliyorsun ki sadece seni kızdırmak için söylüyorum 
  
 Çıkış: 
 Biliyorum bu seni çok kızdırıyor, değil mi? (Uh, huh) 
 Bu doğru 
 Slim Shady (Yo) 
 Sway & Tech 
 Orospu 
 Biz siklemiyoruz, umursamıyoruz 
 O zaman sikimi yala 
  
 Shady 3.0[In the name of Odin! 
 Now Ragnar is dangerously ill 
 In the name of my father! 
 Nothing can stop us! 
 Attack!] 
  
 This is the story of a warrior, I know you know it 
 True warriors go ahead and make some noise 
 It ain't healthy to be making niggas paranoid 
 Hit your corner with my weapon I don't need my boys 
 I'm doing a hundred tween in the fast lane 
 Kick back just relax let me do my thing 
 Don't give a fuck about you suckers gotta maintain 
 Who wants to be king?! In this rap game 
  
 All hail your new king! 
 ...nope 
 ME! 
 ...nope 
 King Harald... 
 ...nope 
 Hail King Bjorn! 
 ...yeah! 
  
 [Around that sea are many wonderful people and places and towns... I want to go there!] 
  
 [With me in the name of Odin! 
 Now Ragnar is dangerously ill 
 In the name of my father! 
 Nothing can stop us! 
 Attack!] 
  
 It's like a throne that he don't even own 
 He won't sit down, give him a crown, he just throws it around 
 It’s like a joke, he’s like a king, but he don’t rule a thing 
 He don't want the diamonds, want the gold or want the jewelry 
 He don't want the room or want the loot, he's in it for the sport 
 Running circles 'round his competition on the court 
 He appreciates your support, but he ain't begging for it 
 And you can love it, you can hate it, but you can't ignore it 
 You can't be that ig-nor-ant, though you can try to sell him short 
 But you can't fuck with his last joint or the one before it 
 And he was born to raise hell like them country boys 
 And if I'm fronting, man, you better come confront me for it 
  
 [You've all come to understand how a young farmer from Norway risked his life to explore the world 
 We have achieved my father's dream. We have the legal right to the land and to farm!] 
  
 [With me in the name of Odin! 
 Now Ragnar is dangerously ill 
 In the name of my father! 
 Nothing can stop us! 
 Attack!] 
  
 This is the story of a warrior, I know you know it 
 True warriors go ahead and make some noise 
 It ain't healthy to be making niggas paranoid 
 Hit your corner with my weapon I don't need my boys 
 I'm doing a hundred tween in the fast lane 
 Kick back just relax let me do my thing 
 Don't give a fuck about you suckers gotta maintain 
 Who wants to be king?! In this rap game 
  
 All hail your new king! 
 ...nope 
 ME! 
 ...nope 
 King Harald... 
 ...nope 
 Hail King Bjorn! 
 ...yeah! 
  
 [A civil war can only bring tragedy.] 
  
 [With me in the name of Odin! 
 Now Ragnar is dangerously ill 
 In the name of my father! 
 Nothing can stop us! 
 Attack!][Skit] 
 Let's go! 
 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 
 *gunshot*Are you feeling good about the album at this point? 
 Um, that's a tough question, man. For the most part, yeah. But I don't know if I ever feel totally great about a record when I put it out. With every record that I put out, someone has literally got to come pry it from me because when I listen to my own music, I just hear flaws in it. Like I hear 'Oh fuck! I could have done this better or that better!' And I'll work it to death. Obviously if I wasn't comfortable with it, I wouldn't put it out. But from the beginning, ever since my career started, I don't know if I've ever been totally like, this is completely it. 
  
 In this last crunch, what have you been working on? 
 I guess you would say last minute jitters of "Fuck! Are the vocals loud enough? Can you hear what I'm saying on this part? Is the beat right? Are the vocals too loud?'" If I could not have to mix any songs and just take the actual two tracks that I rapped over and put them out, I would do that. 'Cause nothing ever feels the way as when you first did it. 
  
 But you're not changing lyrics or anything like that? It's just all mix and sound stuff? It's just sonic shit that needs to be worked out for the most part, because when I decide to keep a song, that's pretty much it. Like, if it doesn't work, I pretty much know right away, right when I get it in the car and take it home. 
  
 Rolling Stone's Review of Eminem's The Marshall Mathers LP 2 
  
 So why did you dye your hair blonde again? 
 Um, I'll say that one was [manager Paul Rosenberg's] idea. In the earlier stages of the record and developing this shit I had thought about it. And once the songs started to come together and the picture got a little more clear of what it was gonna be, he hit me with the idea and I was like "Yo, you know I thought about that, right?" And he was like, "Well you know, why not?" And I was like "I don't know how it's gonna look. I haven't had it in how many fucking years? Five, six years." I was like, "I'm so used to it being dark," you know. So I just tried it. And I was like "Fuck it." 
  
 Did physically looking like that help you get back in the mindset or change the way you were recording? 
 Not really, honestly. Because I already had most of the songs. And I don't know if I'm gonna keep it like this or how long I'm gonna keep it. But for right now it is what it is. And I feel like it may fit and maybe people will understand when they get the record. 
  
 For Recovery there was a lot of rejected stuff. You recorded 100 songs or something, or at least you had 100 beats. So was there a lot of stuff thrown in the garbage pile this time around? 
 I feel like right now I'm probably working harder than I've ever worked in my life. And I've probably worked harder on this record than any other record aside from maybe the time period during The Eminem Show, which is a little hazy 'cause just so much shit was going on at that time. Just being so busy with The Eminem Show and doing the 8 Mile movie, and the soundtrack and the score to the movie. This is probably the equivalent of that but all focused on the record mostly. 
  
 That's crazy. 
 Once I had the direction that I wanted to go, and you know calling it The Marshall Mathers LP 2, obviously I knew that there might be certain expectations. Like, I wouldn't want to just call it that just for the sake of calling it that. So I wanted to make sure that I had the right songs to be able to call it that. So, a lot of recording. A lot of songs that people probably will never hear. We hit a couple of road blocks. There were songs where the beat leaked or a producer sold the beat to someone else or whatever. And just when you think you got it or you got the right amount of songs you go back and you listen and you're like, "Fuck man! I feel like it needs this or this" to paint the whole picture. 
  
 A lot of people, maybe even you, think the original is your best album. 
 It's probably my favorite. I think some of them are my favorites for different reasons. Hate to even say that about my own record, but I mean the first three records, I think they may have captured a time period. And then I think I pretty much probably have publicly said, you know, Encore and Relapse wasn't – it was just a different time. 
  
 You've been hard on Relapse, but Tyler, the Creator says that it's his favorite hip-hop record in years. He loves that record. 
 Yeah, he tells me that every time I see him. I don't hate the record. I want to rap and be able to always try to do my best lyrically, but at the same time find the right balance between that and making the right songs. And you know, I don't know if I necessarily found that balance yet, because I was just getting sober and just kind of finding my feet again and so there was a lot of songs that were just like "Ha ha this is funny!" You know, walking around and joking around with your friends and shit and it ends up on the record and you're laughing about it. Because when I got sober it was like – I've said this before – but it just was like "Oh shit! I can think straight again!" So I don't know if that record was particularly my best work as far as songs, writing songs that felt like something, that brought some kind of emotion. I ran accents into the ground. I got stuck on that kind of serial killer, crazy vibe and just kind of went with it. 
  
 On Recovery, obviously the world came to you on that one. How do you feel now about that record? 
 I feel like that record I finally got back to where I was at maybe during The Eminem Show. Like, creatively and songwriting, I guess. I mean obviously Recovery was the first time I had ever worked with that many producers outside of our camp. Aside from working with Dre, it was like I always wanted to produce my own records, because producing is fun to me too. One of the things that was cool for me about that record was getting beats that already had choruses on them. It's kind of like a challenge to myself to be able to hear somebody else's hook and kind of interpret the words. Because my own hooks, I already know what I mean when I write them. The way that I do music is, like, regardless of what the beat is and whatever kind of appeal it may or may not have, I always want to try to go as hard lyrically as I can. So regardless if the beat feels like "Wow maybe this could be played on the radio," I'm not like, "Maybe radio would play this so I'll just wing it." Like, I always have looked at it like I want to approach every record from an MCs' aspect. 
  
 So how did you come to decide to designate this the sequel to The Marshall Mathers LP? How did you decide to make your life miserable like that? 
 Well here's what it is: It's not necessarily a sequel. 
  
 Okay. 
 As much as it is a revisitation – like this is a different time period in my life. So there's not gonna be like, continuations of every song or anything like that. To me, it's more about the vibe and the nostalgia. One of my favorite new things to do is experiment with new, older breakbeats and sounds and shit like that. You know, retro shit, and try to make it current, like bring it up to date. 
  
 So did seeking out Rick Rubin come from that direction? You were like "Why don't I go back to the source?" 
 Paul had mentioned to me that he might be interested in doing it and he had been talking to him and I was like, "Fuck man." Another thing with this record is that I kind of got back into producing more. On Recovery, I wanted to focus more on writing, and not have to worry abut making the beats. On Relapse I think it was mostly all Dre. So I kind of started producing again a little bit. I was kind of in the middle of that when Paul had mentioned that, and was fucking around with those kind of sounds and I don't know if that's what made Paul reach out to Rick or if Rick reached out to him. But as soon as I heard he was interested I was like, "Yo, just let me finish this up and let's go see him." 
  
 You've called Rick "Yoda" – was there still stuff to be learned from him at this point in your career? 
 [Yoda voice] Learning I did. Um, yeah, I mean the best part about Rick's vibe is he's very Zen-like in the sense of just "Let it happen." The weird thing about it is nine times out 10, we would know instantly if something didn't work and it didn't feel right, you know. He's almost like a coach. 
  
 He's very psychological, right? 
 Yeah the guy's got his shoes off. [Laughs] Working with him is the most relaxed atmosphere. He's not afraid to try anything. I kind of felt in the same way I felt, and still feel to this day, as far as like wanting to impress Dre. We talked at his house and then I think we went straight to his studio from there and we started going through breakbeats. I told him that I had started experimenting with some more retro sounds. So we just sat down and started picking shit out and I would start writing to them and next time I'd get together with him we'd start adding shit to it. The dude's got so many ideas, man. One of the coolest things about the sound that he gives you is the Rick Rubin scratches. When he fucking scratches some shit, it's almost like this perfect slop that it has on it. Not that it's off-time or anything like that, but it's just like – it's fucking weird. I don't even know how to explain it. You just know that he scratched it. I don't know if that even makes sense or not. It's like a simple scratch, like a basic kind of thing, but it's so fucking dope when you hear it. It's just, it's vintage him. And plus he knows what a lot of those sounds came from and shit. 
  
 Did he have all the old drum machines sitting around the studio? 
 Oh, he's got some shit in the stash. Yeah. Definitely. 
  
 So much has changed in hip-hop since you started producing – did you find the beats you were making on your own were influenced by newer stuff? 
 Um, not necessarily, because like I feel like I just do whatever feels right. Obviously I pay attention to what's going on and what's out and keep my finger on that pulse. But I don't ever want to be like or do like what anyone else is doing. That's no offense to anyone else. 
  
 Basically, if there are outside influences that are current, you let that come in from the other producers, but your shit is your shit. 
 Yeah. That's exactly it. More current-sounding shit I leave to them. And not that I don't feel like my shit sounds current, but it's not the exact same thing. And I think I've updated as well. 
  
 On the new song "Legacy" you're talking about yourself in detail as a kid. What does it take to get back in that mindset at your age? 
 I always try to make my music relatable to the kid who people said, "He ain't shit" or bullied or whatever. It felt like one of them self-empowerment songs. Everybody, I believe, wants to show the world that, "One day I'm gonna be this. One day I'm gonna be that." Everybody has goals, aspirations or whatever, and everybody has been at a point in their life where nobody believed in them. Like, if you haven't been kicked or whatever, if you never went through. . . 
  
 Tribulations. 
 Tribulations and shit like that, then you're perfect and fuck you anyways. So everybody has been in that place where they just have been counted out or not even counted. Like, "You don't matter." "Oh yeah? I'm gonna show you." So it was about incorporating that idea into the idea of my legacy – into what I leave behind when I'm gone. And I always looked up to other rappers for the words that they gave me. There's many, many songs that got me through a lot of shit. 
  
 I just love that you rhyme "Onyx" with "comics" on that song. 
 I don't know if anyone will get this, like this is super-nerdy, but the rhyming words in that song never change. And that's just one of the things that I do to try to challenge myself. I wanted to try to make a whole song where the rhyming words never changed. 
  
 You've praised the Beastie Boys' evolution, but it doesn't seem like you're going to have a "the disrespect for women has got to be through" moment. 
 I mean, listen, my sense of humor has certainly not gone away. I realize that I'm an adult, a grown-ass man, and I don't know what I'll be doing a year from now, 10 years from now, but I don't think that my tongue-in-cheekness will ever go away. I guess it's just a part of my personality. I always want to keep some type of element of fun to the music as well. If one song is darker or talking about a sad subject, I don't want to make a whole album of that, of being a downer. I don't want to make a whole album of being too uppity. You gotta try and find that right balance, and that's one of the things that the creative process was on this record as far as just experimenting. In other words, recording till I get it. And if I record 100 fucking songs and I don't have what I feel like I need yet to make the body of work, then I'm gonna keep going and keep recording. 
  
 You've written a bunch of your own hooks, and even sing some of them. Where does your sense of melody come from? 
 That's a good question. I would want to say that it's stemming from early hip-hop. Rappers used to fuck around all the time with melodies, at least on the shit that I grew up on. I don't know keys on a keyboard or what note this is or that is. I can only hum something. But I think it just comes from all the data that I've collected in my years of listening to music. And you know, fuck man, I think that as hip-hop started evolving, there was more melody in it, people were starting to sing hooks. Even like, early Slick Rick – [sings] "Hey young world" – those kind of things. Maybe I took it somewhere different at times, I don't know. 
  
 Maybe it's just pure instinct. 
 Honestly, that's probably what it is. I don't want that to sound like arrogant or nothing but I just don't know where I get that sense from, you know what I'm saying? I'm not a singer singer. I just know what's in key and what's not. 
  
 Having Kendrick Lamar on your album, did you have any concern that he might go in and try to upstage you? 
 I completely respect what Kendrick does and the fact that he's in the same camp, that he's on Aftermath, only made sense to me. He came to Detroit, we kicked it for a few minutes, you know, and I felt the vibe of what he's like and everything, and you know, he's a super cool and super humble dude. When we did that record, I think that was actually a week or two before he did the verse to "Control." 
  
 Is there advice you would give him at this point? 
 I don't know if he needs advice. He seems like he's got a really good head on his shoulders, man. He's very smart and you can tell by the way he put his album together for one. He's like a hip-hop head, man, he just loves hip-hop. And obviously the way that he did the "Control" verse, it was almost like if you get mad at him, then you might look foolish. He set it up so that you can't really get mad at a lot of that shit he said because it was what every other MC is already thinking. Or you should be thinking. 
  
 Fundamentally, do you feel like a rap god or do you feel like an underdog? 
 I think everything switches back and forth from hour to hour, day by day with me. That whole "Rap God" record pretty much from top to bottom is tongue in cheek. So I mean, do I want to feel like that? Maybe sometimes. Again, it goes back to everybody who competitive raps and does this for just purely the sport of it wants to be the best. Again, that's why Kendrick's verse worked so well because he only said what every rapper's already thinking, If you don't want to be the best, then why are you rapping? 
  
  
  
 Read more: http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/eminem-q-a-exclusive-the-making-of-the-marshall-mathers-lp-2-20131101#ixzz38t7kbH5L 
 Follow us: @rollingstone on Twitter | RollingStone on Facebook[Giriş] 
 *Tabancanın çekilişi / süngü sesi* 
 Tamam, hadi gidelim 
 Evet! 
 Resmi SHADE45 Anger Management 3 özel mixtape 'ine hoşgeldiniz 
 (O tanıdık!) Size başka hiçbiri tarafından getirilmeyen 
 Kahrolası adı çıkan, rezil, DJ Clinton Sparks! 
 Whoo! 
  
 [Verse] 
 Bir kere daha bu çocuk, evet, yarrağı yedin 
 Onu taşaklarıyla al olum, hıçkıran'a dek yala 
 Tiksinç sikik, evet, aynı iğrenç kupa, onu kaldırıyor 
 Orta parmakları ve gidiyor; Chika-Chika-Chika 
 ''Merhaba! Benim adım Chika Chika Chika 
 Chika-Chika-Chika-Chika-Chika-Chika-Chika'' 
 Bu bok kafanın içine sıkışana kadar 
 Çok fazla hastalıklıydın bu oğlanlara aşkı öğretmem için 
 Orospuyu sikmemi söyle, senin kızın de 
 Ve bu yüzden bu boktan dahasını aldık 
 Salla bu sürtüğü, orospu çocuğunu şaplakla 
 Bir orospuyu yen 
 Şu çocuklara da bakın, bu boku yediler 
 Ve bu, Bunun ne bok olduğunu bile bilmeden önceydi 
 Bu, neyin olduğunu etkiliyor 
 Ebeveynler bize geliyor 
 Bu arada bilet satışları da havaya uçtu 
 Lanet olsun bok, lanet bok, lanet bok! 
 Sikiyim seni, sikimi em orospu 
 Ama gitmeliyim,  benim için gitme ve Jessica'yı alma vakti 
 Bu resmi, onu ve Nick'i yeni ayırdım 
  
 [Kapanış] 
 [Gülüşmeler] 
 Şimdi, eğer gösteriden ayrılır isen 
 Ve bu CD lerden birini almaz isen 
 Resmi olarak tüm şovu deneyimleyemedin demektir 
 Bir kez daha; 50 CENT! G-UNIT! NATE DOGG! ALCHEMIST! 
 Ve Lil Jon 'a özellikle teşekkürler 
 Unutmadan; DR. DRE! D-TWIZZY! OBIE TRICE! STAT QUO ve 
 Kendi adıma, hepinize geldiğiniz için teşekkür etmek istiyorum 
 Gösteriyi beğeneceğinizi umuyoruz.. 
  
 Çeviren: Berkant Kantar / Shady 3.0[Verso: Eminem] 
 Aquí vamos de nuevo, de héroes a villanos 
 Solía ​​ser tu Romeo pero ambos estábamos abandonados 
 Un par de veces, por lo que tuvimos una pendiente resbaladiza para hacer frente a 
 Pero aún así, me dio la esperanza de que obtendremos 
 A través de ella, un lóbulo cortado 
 Enviado a usted en un S-O-B-re 
 Sería drogadicto, pero ¿a qué tipo de longitud puedes ir? 
 Tire de un Vincent van Gogh, solo para convencer a un maldito ho 
 Ser una ama de casa que miente abiertamente 
 Ella está borracha, ahora está de vuelta en mi camino 
 Salí corriendo, ¿por qué está intentando actuar? 
 Ella es casi de mi tamaño, me golpeó en la boca dos veces 
 Chicos, cuando alguien por quien morirías 
 Pega un cuchillo de carne en tu corazón, ¿intentas más? 
 Otra tarde en la noche, ella tropieza a través de mi puerta 
 Deja entrar la luz del día y todo lo que hacemos es luchar más 
 Y no soy violenta, pero ella está revisando mis cajones 
 Para plantar el K-Y, una puta me está acusando 
 Quien huele a San Ides y quien probablemente haya jodido cinco mas 
 Chicos, chuparon ocho / nueve hombres 
 Me llevo dos por cuatro a nuestro ocho por diez 
 Perra, eres tú, arranqué el marco, gano 
 Poner un nuevo puntaje alto, venció a este juego en el que estoy 
 Y aquí hay algunos de dos capas para cuando salgas con mis amigos 
 Para limpiarte el culo cuando moviste tus entrañas 
 Cuando renovamos nuestros votos, este es el agradecimiento que recibo? 
 Estoy esperando el día que pueda 
 Te oigo decir: "Marshall, ¡qué gilipollas he sido! 
 Y hay un chico nuevo, estás siendo reemplazado por él " 
 Tengo sus tubos atados para él, tengo ese trabajo de tetas para él 
 Me duele hasta la médula, pero el dolor en el que estoy 
 Después de ti, juré hacer cesar los cielos grises 
 Aquí vienen los rayos, como cuando se obtiene una subida de sueldo y 
 ¿Soy el chico bueno o solo juego como él? 
 ¿Y espero que te deje? 
 Es como un sueño hecho realidad, solo para gritar "¡Vete a la mierda!" 
 Supongo que tomas la vida de la misma manera que juegas dados 
 Porque solo me miras y les pones los ojitos de serpiente 
 Ya que- 
  
 [Coro: Jessie Reyez] 
 Desde que compraste el jurado, me llamarán culpable 
 Me van a llamar culpable 
 Usted compró el jurado, me llamarán culpable 
 Aunque sabes el verdadero yo 
 No puedes vencer a un tramposo, convence a un no creyente(Intro) 
 You know, everybody's been tellin' me what they think about me for the last few months 
 It's too loud 
 Maybe it's time I tell 'em what I think about them 
 Can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot 
 It's too loud 
 Freeze my crown all up in it 
 Slow fire 
 Don't fall on my face 
 Don't fall on my faith, oh 
 Don't fall on my fate 
 Don't fall on my faith, oh 
 Don't fall on my fate 
 Don't fall on my 
 (verse 1) 
 Gotta concentrate, against the clock I race 
 Got no time to waste, I'm already late, I got a marathoner's pace 
 Went from addict to a workaholic, word to Dr. Dre in that first marijuana tape 
 Guess I got a chronic case 
 And I ain't just blowin' smoke, 'less it's in your mama's face 
 I know this time Paul and Dre, they won't tell me what not to say 
 And though me and my party days have all pretty much parted ways 
 You'd swear to God I've forgot I'm the guy that made "Not Afraid" 
 One last time for Charlemagne 
 If my response is late, it's just how long it takes 
 To hit my fuckin' radar, I'm so far away 
 These rappers are like Hunger Games 
 One minute, they're mocking Jay 
 Next minute, they get they style from Migos, then they copy Drake 
 Maybe I just don't know when to turn around and walk away 
 But all the hate I call it "Walk on Water" gate 
 I've had as much as I can tolerate 
 I'm sick and tired of waitin', I done lost my patience 
 I can take all of you motherfuckers on at once 
 You wanted, Shady? You got it! 
 (chorus) 
 Don't fall on my face 
 Yeah 
 Don't fall on my faith, oh 
 Don't fall on my fate 
 Line 'em up! 
 Don't fall on my faith, oh 
 Rrr 
 Don't fall on my fate 
 Look 
 (verse 2) 
 Somebody tell Budden before I snap, he better fasten it 
 Or have his body bag get zipped 
 The closest thing he's had to hits is smacking bitches 
 And don't make me have to give it back to Akademiks 
 Say this shit is trash again, I'll have you twisted 
 Like you had it when you thought you had me slippin' at the telly 
 Even when I'm gettin' brain, you'll never catch me with a thot 
 Lacking with it, "He ain't spit like this in his last shit" 
 Hoe, you better go back and listen 
 You know me better, thinkin' I'll slow or let up 
 Call it traps 'cause it's a total setup 
 Hopin' that you rappers fall in that 
 Dre said, "Hold your head up" 
 Kathy Griffin stackin' ammunition 
 Slap the clip and cock it back on competition 
 This is how I shot a head (pew) 
 Gabby Gifford, my attack is viscous, jack the ripper, back in business 
 Tyler create nothing, I see why you called yourself a faggot, bitch 
 It's not just 'cause you lack attention 
 It's 'cause you worship D12's balls, you're sac-rilegious 
 If you're gonna critique me, you better at least be as good or better 
 Get Earl, the Hooded Sweater, whatever his name is 
 To help you put together some words, more than just two letters 
 The fans waited for this moment 
 Like the feature when I stole this show 
 Sorry if I took forever 
 (chorus) 
 Don't fall on my face 
 Yeah 
 Don't fall on my faith, oh 
 I won't 
 Don't fall on my fate 
 Light him up! 
 Don't fall on my faith, oh 
 Ha 
 Don't fall on my fate 
 It's too easy 
 (verse 3) 
 Just remember, I was here before you 
 And I'll be here after you make your run-in for you 
 Detract this, I might have to fuck Pitchfork with a corkscrew 
 Just what the doctor ordered 
 Revenge is the best medicine 
 Increase the dose, unleash the monster 
 Then tell the Grammys to go and fuck themselves 
 They suck the blood from all the biggest artists like some leeches 
 So they nominate 'em, get 'em there, get a name to MC the show 
 Every parasite needs a host 
 Then give Album of the Year to somebody that no one's ever even heard of 
 All I know is I wrote every single word of everything I ever murdered 
 Time to separate the sheep from goats 
 And I got no faith in your writers, I don't believe in ghosts 
 When rap needed it most, I was that wing in the prayer 
 A beacon of hope, the B-I-R-D in the air 
 Somewhere, some kid is bumping this while he lip-syncs in the mirror 
 That's who I'm doin' it for, the rest I don't really even care 
 But you would think I'm carryin' a Oxford dictionary 
 In my pocket how I'm buryin' these artists 
 On a scale of turnt you're minus 
 Mine says very, yours says hardly 
 And what's scary is you prolly can compare me to your car 
 'Cause I'm barely gettin' started 
 And as far as Lord Jamar, you better leave me the hell alone 
 Or I'll show you an Elvis clone 
 Walk up in this house you own 
 Thrust my pelvic bone 
 You should tell a phone and go fetch me the remote 
 Put my feet up and just make myself at home 
 I belong here, clown! 
 Don't tell me 'bout the culture 
 I inspire the Hopsins, the Logics, the Coles 
 The Seans, the K-Dots, the 5'9"s, and oh 
 Brought the world 50 Cent, you did squat 
 Piss and moan, but I'm not gonna fall, bitch! 
 It's too loud 
 (chorus) 
 Can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot 
 It's too loud 
 Freeze my crown all up in it 
 Slow fire[Verse: Eminem] 
 There are enough insults in my head to fill up a swear jar 
 And have it overflowing 
 So don't get me going: don't dare start 
 You'll never see me again: Amelia Earhart 
 I'm popping a wheelie, off to a really unfair start 
 I'm past grinding, for me– guess I just be grounded up 
 Like Ground Round or a pound of chuck 
 Tightly-wound as fuck 'till the Fire Marshalls come shut 
 Fire Marshall, down and up 
 I suggest you better shut the fuck up 
 And stop fucking around and duck! 
 I ain't playing this time, I told you I'm out for blood 
 So to say "I keep it 100" would probably sound redundant 
 Like calling a bitch a ho or asking a gal to suck 
 And blow on your dick cock 
 Is she up to screwing? Down to fuck? 
 It's a man's world and I'm trapped in a land of smut 
 With a thousand sluts strapped and muzzled 
 Running through a house of mutts 
 In other words, I'm shutting every one of you bitches' mouths up 
 And I'm watching my language if I tell you to kiss my fucking butt! 
 And ain't shit changed, my shit still don't stink, player 
 My farts may have gotten staler ever since 
 I became a trailer park celebrity 
 Maybe my complexion became a little paler 
 Poster child for white trash 
 I'm a Garbage Pail Kid sailor, yeah 
 See me I'm all up on your bitch means I'mma rape her 
 All I got for these hoes is dick, duct tape and a stapler 
 So bitch, you better look for table scraps to scrape up 
 I don't subscribe to the News or the Free Press 
 But homie, I get the paper!Step right up, i'm about to light up the skyline 
 So bright i'm about to fuck your whole night up 
 Light up your glow sticks, go stick a stick in your ass 
 This is the ghost of christmas past 
 This is your host, you're supposed to kiss his ass 
 This is gross, but listen close 
 Stick your whole nose in his crack then lets one go 
 And blows your whiskers back, then get a great whole whiff 
 Cause if you last it out, without passing out 
 You'll be on the next episode of fear factor 
 Yea back to, back to what? 
 I don't know, smack a little child actor's butt 
 Mike Jackson, what? 
 What the fuck you want? i got a blunt and some jesus juice 
 Who needs a excuse these days? the way they rally around 
 Pedophiles you're lucky i don't pee in your face 
 I can do anything and apologize for it later 
 As long as it isn't a racist tape from 88' 
 That cannot be forgave 
 If i drank pee for 18 years straight 
 And eat shit everyday on a porcelain plate 
 That was shaped like a toilet with a fork, and steak knife 
 For the rest of my life, i had to watch my wife 
 Get fucked by Vanilla Ice, twice a day 
 Cause i said N-I-G-G-A, when i was a teenager 
 Blah blah Shade-a 45 
 Shorty let me get your number baby, maybe 
 I can hump your leg, with something 
 But it's time for me to go, so i stopped 
 Jumped in the vehicle, it's like this 
 Because i[Intro] 
 Let's just go, man 
 Is it recording? 
 Yeah, let's just rhyme out our ass 
 Bout to kick a rhyme right outta my head 
 Mic check one two 
 Mic check one two 
 Mic check one two 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 Here I go in the place to be, rhyming like this on the M-I-C 
 Here's the way that I rhyme so naturally, and actually 
 When I grab the mic, all the people say "M&M, you're one of the funkiest MC's out today 
 And I say "I agree", because I am a funky dope slamming MC 
 I slam them back, daddy, eveytime I grab the mic and say I wanna rap, daddy 
 But you can't, because I take it 
 Grab the mic and after I'm done, I break it 
 When I'm done, I just slam the 
 Microphone and cram it right in your asshole 
 Because 'asshole' and 'cram the' didn't rhyme, but that's alright 'cause I'm jamming 
 On the microphone 'cause I'm slamming, busting out lyrics and you like to examine 
 My style that I'm doing, but if you step to me pursuing, I'll ruin 
 All your hopes and dreams, 'cause I work with my man, he's on my team 
 My man Manix is on my side every time the (?) they say 
 "Damn, how'd you make a beat like that ma'am?" 
 And I say "I'm not a ma'am, I'm a sir", and if you step to me your eyes'll be blurred 
  
 [Bridge] 
 One two 
 One two mic check-a one two 
 One two one two 
 Mic check-a check one two 
 Mic check-a one two one two 
 Mic check three four six seven eight 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Mic check one two 
 Do unto others as you would have them do to you 
 No, that's not the way I work because 
 When I rhyme I'm a jerk 
 I grab the mic and start dissing 
 All these MC's and try to put them into submission 
 Take them out for the count because the amount I throw is so deaf 
 Word! Deaf didn't rhyme but I 
 On your windshield just like a turd 
 Every time that I rhyme you know that I'm 
 Going to climb to the tip tip top and I'm 
 Not going to stop 'cause I grab the mic and dop-da dop dop 
 I fucked up, but that's alright because my luck's up 
 No it's not, 'cause here I am, I got a lot to give 
 And I don't live positive 
 Now I'm not saying I'm negative 
 But if I grab the mic I do mega kits 
 Every time that I grab the mic you know that M&M is gonna be rolling his tongue just like this 
 And then I go do a funky rhyme and if any MC steps up he gets fucking dissed 
 Bad, don't call me dad 
 Vanilla Ice said that, that made me mad 
 So when I step to the mic 
 Know that I gotta clear my throat and excite 
 I'm trying to get the mic cord away from the stereo so I can bust some material 
 I take it around my leg, and then all the MC's wanna beg 
 And say "Yo, please give me a turn!" 
 I say "No" because it's my turn to burn 
 And I bust a rhyme like this and you can't step to a rhyme that I do 'cause you're dissed! 
 You're dissed so bad every time 
 Sure, he don't get a turn, and he's starting to get mad but I'm 
 Just going to take the mic, I'm not gonna give it to him because I am 
 So damn hyped in the place to be 
 Rhyming like this 'cause I'm an MC 
 Rhyming so deaf to the happy ass beat 
 It's kinda gay like Liberace but hey 
 Listen to the words that I display every time I kick a rhyme this way 
 You know that the star is worthwhile, every time I grab the mic I'm longer than I mile 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 I waste no time, when I can't flip I caper 
 I cut your butt up like G Floyd like paper 
 When I bust a rhyme I'm a stud 
 That's what I like to say, jump on my pud 
 Girly girly, would you like to fuck me fuck me in my house early? 
 Or late, I don't care, let's make a date 'cause I don't pump weights to get dates 
 Just because I'm huge, I bust a lyric 
 But I get greedy like a Scrooge 
 When I grab the mic it's kinda stingy 
 I kick rhymes that ain't dingy 
 When I bust I'm like forcillin 
 You try to grab the mic and force it again 
 But you can't 'cause you are speechless 
 And I get sandy like teachers 
 I get sandy, I grab the mic handy 
 It's so I can get candy 
 When I bust the shit I get like a noogie 
 Then I boogie, boogie on down because 
 Every time that I kick a rhyme I just 'dud' 
 I meant to say 'do', but I got an addiction to friction every time I kick non-fiction 
 Non-fiction science, every time I grab the mic I got the alliance 
 Right behind me stepping into the 90's, you know you'll try me and you'll die, G 
 So don't even try it, I don't buy it, so you'd better keep quiet 
 'Cause you're into it, ain't nothing but to do it 
  
 [Verse 4] 
 You'd better catch up 'cause you're trailing 
 You'd better put springs in your ass and jump like Van Halen 
 Every (time I bust a) rhyme I get like a panther if you're lying that slander 
 'Cause you're lying like Berry Saunders, every time I grab the mic I get married and I 
 Like to kick a rhyme that I pick 
 Every time I pick the mic up I stick 
 A dick right up your ass like a faggot 
 You're gonna die, be crawling with maggots 
 Every time I dread you like hair, I said you'd better get (?) on your underwear 
 You'd better run, 'cause if you don't 
 Afraid you'll be seeing a ghost like a Rake 
 You ain't an eighth of me, every time I grab the mic girls try to act so faithfully 
 But I say "No, don't be a fan. Just try to step to my dick and act like a man" 
 No, that don't make no sense but every time  I cut class like a pair of scissors I get so damn hyped 
 On the mic, 'cause every time I step to the forefront I like 
 To wonder on to something that I'm drawn to 
 Every time I grab the mic and pass it to Sean he 
 Gets so deaf but I'm not gonna pass it yet 
 'Cause I burn like acid vet, word! 
 I'm a stick like a trident 'cause you need guidance[Intro: Eminem] 
 (Remix!) 
 A crafty little bastard that I am, sly 
 Would've put the slick sick son of a bitch 
 Silly little rabbit, don't you know Trix are for kids? 
 This is what the moral of the story is 
 (Cheah!) 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care 
 My enemies crack corn, but I don't care 
 You can be black white or albino, yeah 
 You can have cornrows inside your hair 
 I give a fuck if I don't like your stare 
 This bottle of wine goes upside your head 
 A little bit psycho, but I know that 
 Think you just don't say it and I won't say it 
 See, if you don't brag, then I don't brag 
 I know I'm bad as long as I know I'm bad 
 I don't need ya'll to co-sign no shit 
 You can just keep makin' them tired old threads 
 A little bit like The Boy Who Cried Wolf, yeah 
 See me, but don't dare to try no shit 
 'Cause you know that somewhere inside those layers 
 The rattlesnake's right there to bite your ass 
 And I can be so quiet and strike so fast 
 Like lightening bolts, right out the sky, go bad 
 From out of nowhere, you might just find your career 
 Come to it, (Eek!) and I'm just like (Oh, yeah!) 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh, yeah!) 
 Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh, yeah!) 
 See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh, yeah!) 
 So Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care 
 See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh, yeah!) 
 See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em!) 
 And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here!) 
 And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere!) 
  
 [Verse 2: Eminem] 
 You jealous little fucks beg for my attention, but 
 I done told you once, I'm not the kind of attention you want 
 If I tell you twice, then I won't be so nice 
 If you keep coming back, that only means you know you lost the fight 
 They wanna talk shit, let 'em talk shit, 'cause they talk shit 
 Knowin' deep down, they really just wanna squash it 
 'Cause no one wants to walk around, steppin' in dog shit 
 And get doo-doo on the shoe again, soon as they washed it 
 But the pride won't let 'em, inside's like "Go get 'em" 
 And I'm just like "Why you're tryin' to fight momentum?" 
 We just keep winnin', by landslides, oh, and um 
 Shady Limited's, in any size yo' denim 
 To velour, even our clothing line's on fire 
 As 50 would say "Our clothing line's on Fiyaa'' 
 Meanwhile, your minds on us, like mine's on Mariah 
 And y'all is just like her, you're all fucking liars 
 But I'll just keep fucking you like I fucked her 
 Right in the ass with K-Y, yes, sir! 
 So full of joy, boy, am I absurd? 
 Even Chingy would tell you: "Yeah, boy, don't curr" 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh, yeah!) 
 Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh, yeah!) 
 See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh, yeah!) 
 So Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care 
 See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh, yeah!) 
 See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em!) 
 And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here!) 
 And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere!) 
 (Cashis!) 
  
 [Verse 3: Cashis] 
 Watch Jimmy get cracked to the floor with the rounds 
 Spun around and hit the ground, you the new James Brown 
 The king of Motown saw out for a while 
 You not a genius, you a joke, and they all know now 
 I don't brag about the way that I lived in the past 
 I'd spray, I'd get away up with whoopin' yo ass 
 From now on, don't speak up, name me your raps 
 Before I hop out your bushes, dressed in all black 
 I thought I told you, Cashis can suck you clean 
 Squeeze life out the beat, all you hear is me (Mwah!) 
 I'm a BBG, plus BGD 
 Bring it on anytime you wanna come see me 
 Stay alive little guy, you don't want it with me 
 And man, 50 put that money on me 
 King Mathers made me to blow up 
 Re-Up bout to crush, now you know Cashis! (Shady!) 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh, yeah!) 
 Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh, yeah!) 
 See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh, yeah!) 
 So Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care 
 See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh, yeah!) 
 See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em!) 
 And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here!) 
 And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere!)[Produced by Dr. Dre & Mel-Man] 
  
 [Intro] 
 When I was just a little baby boy 
 My momma used to tell me these crazy things 
 She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man 
 She used to tell me he hated me 
 But then I got a little bit older 
 And I realized she was the crazy one 
 But there was nothing I could do or say to try to change it 
 ‘Cause that's just the way she was 
  
 [Verse 1] 
 They said I can’t rap about being broke no more 
 They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more 
 Slut, you think I won’t choke no whore 
 'Til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more? 
 These motherfuckers are thinkin' I'm playin' 
 Thinkin' I'm sayin’ the shit ‘cause I’m thinkin' it just to be sayin’ it 
 Put your hands down, bitch, I ain't gon' shoot you 
 I'ma pull you to this bullet and put it through you 
 Shut up, slut! You’re causin' too much chaos 
 Just bend over and take it like a slut — okay, Ma? 
 "Oh, now he's raping his own mother 
 Abusing a whore, snorting coke 
 And we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?" 
 You're goddamn right, bitch, and now it's too late 
 I'm triple platinum and tragedies happened in two states 
 I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile vicious 
 Vain Vicodin, vrin vrin vrin! 
 Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all 
 Danglin' from his neck while his head barely hangs on 
 Blood, guts, guns, cuts 
 Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts — bitch, I'ma kill you! 
  
 [Pre-Hook] 
 You don't wanna fuck with me 
 Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me 
 Bitch, I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef 
 We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef 
 You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead 
 For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said 
 But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me 
 Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me 
  
 [Hook] 
 I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (‘Cause why?) 
 ‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you (Ha-ha) 
 I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (Why?) 
 ‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you 
  
 [Verse 2] 
 Bitch, I'ma kill you! Like a murder weapon, I'ma conceal you 
 In a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you 
 Fuck with me, I been through Hell, shut the hell up 
 I'm tryna develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em 
 I ain't "acid rap," but I rap on acid 
 Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added 
 Whoops! Is that a subliminal hint? 
 No, just criminal intent to sodomize women again 
 Eminem offend? No, Eminem'll insult 
 And if you ever give in to him you give him an impulse 
 To do it again, then if he does it again 
 You'll probably end up jumpin' out of somethin' up on the tenth 
 Bitch, I'ma kill you! I ain't done, this ain't the chorus 
 I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest 
 A bloodstain is orange after you wash it 
 Three or four times in a tub, but that's normal — ain't it, Norman? 
 Serial killer hiding murder material 
 In a cereal box on top of your stereo 
 Here we go again, we're out of our medicine 
 Out of our minds and we want in yours: let us in, or I'ma kill you! 
  
 [Pre-Hook] 
 You don't wanna fuck with me 
 Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me 
 Bitch, I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef 
 We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef 
 You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead 
 For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said 
 But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me 
 Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me 
  
 [Hook] 
 I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (‘Cause why?) 
 ‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you (Ha-ha) 
 I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (Why?) 
 ‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you 
  
 [Verse 3] 
 Know why I say these things? 
 ‘Cause ladies' screams keep creepin' in Shady's dreams 
 And the way things seem 
 I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks 
 These 80 G's a week to say the same things tweece 
 Twice, whatever, I hate these things 
 Fuck shots, I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks 
 Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows 
 Just to argue with 'em ‘cause their ratings stink 
 Fuck that! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer 
 From fat bitch to all seventy thousand pounds of her 
 From principal to the student body and counselor 
 From in-school to before school to outta school 
 I don't even believe in breathin' 
 I'm leavin' air in your lungs 
 Just to hear you keep screamin' for me to seep it 
 Okay, I'm ready to go play, I got the machete from O.J 
 I'm ready to make everyone's throats ache 
 You faggots keep eggin' me on 
 'Til I have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop 
 Shut up! Give me your hands and feet 
 I said shut up when I'm talkin' to you 
 You hear me? Answer me, or I'ma kill you! 
  
 [Pre-Hook] 
 You don't wanna fuck with me 
 Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me 
 Bitch, I'ma kill you! You don't got the balls to beef 
 We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef 
 You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead 
 For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said 
 But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me 
 Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me 
 Bitch, I'ma kill you! 
  
 [Hook] 
 You don't wanna fuck with Shady (‘Cause why?) 
 ‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you (Ha-ha) 
 I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (Why not?) 
 ‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you 
  
 [Outro] 
 Ha-ha-ha, I'm just playing, ladies 
 You know I love you[Intro: Eminem] 
 Oh! Ladies and gentlemen 
 The moment you've all been waiting for 
 In this corner, weighing 175 pounds 
 With a record of 17 rapes, 400 assaults, and 4 murders 
 The undisputed, most diabolical villain in the world 
 Slim Shady! 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 So crack a bottle, let your body waddle 
 Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto 
 O-oh, o-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe 
 Got one ridin' shotgun and no, not one of 'em got clothes 
 Now, where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? 
 I noticed there's so many of 'em 
 And there's really not that many of us 
 And ladies love us, my posse's kickin' up dust 
 It's on 'til the break of dawn 
 And we're starting this party from dusk 
  
 [Interlude: Eminem] 
 (Okay, let's go!) 
  
 [Verse 1: Eminem] 
 Back with Andre the Giant, Mr. Elephant Tusk 
 Fix your musk, you'll be just another one bit the dust 
 Just one of my mother's sons who got thrown under the bus 
 Kiss my butt, lick fromunda cheese from under my nuts 
 It disgusts me to see the game the way that it looks 
 It's a must, I redeem my name and haters get mushed 
 Bitches lust, man, they love me when I lay in the cut 
 Fisticuffs, the lady give her eighty-some paper cuts 
 Now picture us; it's ridiculous, you curse at the thought 
 'Cause when I spit the verse the shit gets worse than Worcestershire sauce 
 If I could fit the words, it's picture perfect, works every time 
 Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes 
 It's elementary, the elephants have entered the room 
 I venture to say we're the center of attention, it's true 
 Not to mention back with a vengeance, so hence the signal 
 Of the bat symbol, the platinum trio's back on you hoes 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 So crack a bottle, let your body waddle 
 Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto 
 O-oh, o-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe 
 Got one ridin' shotgun and no, not one of 'em got clothes 
 Now, where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? 
 I noticed there's so many of 'em 
 And there's really not that many of us 
 And ladies love us, my posse's kickin' up dust 
 It's on 'til the break of dawn 
 And we're starting this party from dusk 
  
 [Interlude: Ca$his] 
 It's Mister Shady 
 Call for Ca$his 
  
 [Verse 2: Ca$his] 
 Six-four hoppers up at least four blocks 
 I crank my watch like I don't see no cops 
 Riding on a [?] six cars and [?] 
 No rims stop and stand up in the drop 
 [?] 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 So crack a bottle, let your body waddle 
 Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto 
 O-oh, o-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe 
 Got one ridin' shotgun and no, not one of 'em got clothes 
 Now, where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? 
 I noticed there's so many of 'em 
 And there's really not that many of us 
 And ladies love us, my posse's kickin' up dust 
 It's on 'til the break of dawn 
 And we're starting this party from dusk 
  
 [Interlude: Bobby Creekwater] 
 Yeah, so... 
  
 [Verse 3: Bobby Creekwater] 
 I'm at this party and notice that I didn't even get carted 
 Plenty lines, having fun, they see me and act retarded 
 [?] 
  
 [Chorus: Eminem] 
 So crack a bottle, let your body waddle 
 Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto 
 O-oh, o-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe 
 Got one ridin' shotgun and no, not one of 'em got clothes 
 Now, where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? 
 I noticed there's so many of 'em 
 And there's really not that many of us 
 And ladies love us, my posse's kickin' up dust 
 It's on 'til the break of dawn 
 And we're starting this party from duskVerse 1 (Eminem): 
 I wasn't born mean 
 I was pushed to treach' 
 I walk the streets looking for some pus' to fetch me 
 I'm like a veggie, brain is turning mush 
 I'm edgy 
 Edgy enough to give Reggie Bush a wedgie 
 If he don't give me Kim things could get messy 
 So pass that ass to me, let me squish the left cheek 
 And press against the right one, 'til it's squished against me 
 And leave a dead body in the woods 
 The MC with the Christopher Reece beef 
 Started off on the wrong foot 
 Or should I say fake leg made out of wood 
 I shouldn't 
 Yes I should 
 Ridin' through the hood 
 I'm chilling with Westwood 
 I'm quite mellow 
 A white fellow 
 My pee is bright yellow 
 I like jello 
 I'm like: Hello 
 To a cute little dike on the mic 
 I'm kinda like... 
  
 Verse 2 (Kon Artis): 
 See I'm the first one to class and the last to leave 
 I mean the first one to leave out of class 
 Believe 
 Then I'm a mail box pimp in my heart 'til i die 
 Even after I'm all gone 
 And my ashes fry 
 Went from an ashy guy 
 To class clown is high 
 To a grown ass man stacking - 
 PayPal 
 Run your mouths to click 
 D12's the game 
 We been spitting this shit since we were little babies 
 Ga Ga GooGoo 
 Na Na Noo Noo 
 Never 
 Word to my homie Em' 
 I'm just too too clever 
 A 4-5 shot would leave ya face lopsided 
 The kick from the girl make you think I'm cock'ided 
 Bustin' off in the crowd 
 I start diving 
 Greg Louganis over the bar 
 I ain't lying 
 Hot iron lethals 
 Not defying the soldier 
 Run ya damn soldier 
 Equals death when it's over 
 There's none colder than - 
 The understanding struggle 
 Flighter street hustle 
 We been had to hustle 
 We been had to hustle 
 We been had to muscle 
 Flighter street hustle 
 We been had to hustle 
  
 Verse 2 (Eminem): 
 Yeh 
 Aight 
 Me and Westwood blasting off, jacking off 
 In a pair of acid wash 
 Bumping (?) 
 Cruising grass 'til I'm damned to crash the car 
 Tryna smash 'em off 
 On the dash 
 Hit the overpass 
 Went off, over the bridge 
 On-coming traffic 
 Cause a massive 42 car pile-up, Not a scratch at all 
 Hopped up holding an axing saw 
 Jason; masks is off 
 My face is plastered in Tabasco sauce 
 Spiting flames; kicking fire out your ass 
 You little bitch, You can pass it on 
 I'm battery acid dog, You don't wanna get my ass ticked off 
 I'm harder than playing basketball 
 While I'm going through back withdrawals 
 Dick so big it's like elastic; tie it in a knot 
 It's looks like Mr. Fantastic crossed the path of Fantastic-Man 
 With a drastic force 
 So it's -- 
 Put my penis on classic sports 
  
 Verse 3 (Eminem): 
 Once again; it's the sinister cynical minister Shady 
 Kryptonite to Superman, he's a dentist to Amy 
 Administerer of the pain, just finished huffin' the paint 
 And muffler fumes like it was nothin', because it ain't 
 Anything in his way, his enemies he just slays 
 His venom he spray; reaches like beams of energy rays 
 Menacing stares, he glares, making the hairs 
 All on the back of ya neck stand like Dracula, yep 
 Spectacular rep, he's a tarantula, gargantuan 
 Yeah, Angela; so I command ya to start dancin' 
 Part-Manson, part-Hannibal, part-mechanical-shark 
 Throwing animal parts at Scarlett Johansson 
 Enter my gas chamber, you gangsta? My ass 
 He's got his fangs to your neck, he's set to strangle ya ass, hater 
 You're facin' a task greater, he's chasin' your ass 
 He's got his face in a mask; your blood stains on his glass table 
 I'm checking the exposure of photos of me exposing 
 Myself locked inside of a cozy hotel posing 
 With or without clothing, next to the decomposing 
 Bodies eroding while I'm dozing off, overdosing 
 Windows opening, shutting; doors opening, closing 
 I think there's a ghost, too much hydrocodone and codeine 
 I was only 'sposed to swallow a half, I took the whole thing 
 I'm not joking, I think I just snorted my nose ring 
 I need a drink, I'm standing over the sink hosing 
 Myself, self-loathing, cause I'm on a brink, mostly 
 I don't wanna think; this will make everything rosy 
 Beverly sings, scream while I'm severing three toesies 
 Totally frozen while I close in 
 I'm yodelling "Rosie, won't you come out to play?" 
 Ain't no sense wasting time, cutting and pasting headlines 
 In the papers, making shrines of my crimes and capers 
 My words are whirlwinds, I murder my girlfriends 
 Go to Europe and put Nurofens in my syrup and stirred 'em 
 You never heard 'em like this; so don't encourage him 
 The neurosurgeon, coke mirrors, and lyrics worse than 
 The kinda person to get Katie Couric to cursin' 
 Eighty spirits of ladies cause Shady murdered the virgins 
 Crazy turn of events that he emerged 
 Took over the world and reeled in all the children 
 Lured 'em into the building and killed 'em 
 Buried 'em in the mulch and mildew; and he will do, what he feels 
 And still can spin, straw into gold like Rumplestiltskin 
 Cotton to silk, Motrin to Tylenol 3 pills 
 The Real Slim Shady's entered the buildin' 
 There's nothing but crumbled leaves and tumbleweeds up in this bitch 
 Mildred, he's ill with it; he still shouldn't be healed 
 There's no one as sick as he, MCs will get fricassee'd on the grill, then 
  
 Verse 4 (Eminem): 
 I have no idea what I'm doing 
 I have no idea what I'm doing 
 But 
 Everybody get up 
 Sit up Christopher 
 They're miserable without you 
 Superman issa, alive and he's flowing like the mystic river 
 Girl don't act like you never been kissed before 
 1 2 3 4 
 5 6 this a; rhyme is about to hit you right in the kisser 
 How did anybody find me I disa-ppeared; I was hiding in 3 ways beer jissa 
 Hop skip and a jump coz my skin (?) 
 Meals into my face; that I been pushing 
 Hell-raiser; my face is my pin-cushion 
 It's like when I'm on the mic I can squish a 
 Suck it like a vice grip 
 My pin put ya; in the slaughter house coz your style's been butchered 
 Out-spin chainsaw 
 Take it like the blades on; my brains on hyper-drive 
 Someone put the brakes on 
  
 Hook (Eminem and Kon Artis): 
 It's a smidget the midget to get the digits Bridget don't try to fidget with it, ribbit ribbit 
 I got you slipping on my swag juice; my swag juice 
 I got you slipping on my swag juice; my swag juice 
 It's a smidget the midget to get the digits Bridget don't try to fidget with it, ribbit ribbit 
 I got you slipping on my 
 -- 
  
 Verse 5 (Eminem): 
 ... coz it gets as busy as a 
 Bee, baby you can throw a frisbee in the blizzard 
 He'll catch in his teeth 
 What is he? 
 He's a wizard 
 Standing in the disco with the disco-biscuit 
 And I'm pretty sure it isn't this quick is it? 
 Now baby don't forget to bring ya lipstick with ya 
 I want a kiss before I blow this bitch to, smithereens 
 Get the guillotines; this is a stitch-up 
 West is a critical as Dre, spin with ya 
 Turn tables and he cuts the record like a scissor 
 Check a chick 
 A check a chick 
 A check a check a chicka 
 We'll wreck in a second, tell me what the heck is sicker 
 Wait a minute I just dropped my necklace in the liquor 
 Now baby just make a little bit of breakfast it's a 6 o'clock in the morning 
 Does she wanna get some... 
  
  
 Hook (Eminem and Kon Artis): 
 It's a smidget the midget to get the digits Bridget don't try to fidget with it, ribbit ribbit 
 I got you slipping on my swag juice; my swag juice 
 I got you slipping on my swag juice; my swag juice 
 It's a smidget the midget to get the digits Bridget don't try to fidget with it, ribbit ribbit 
 I got you slipping on my swag juice; my swag juice 
 I got you slipping on my swag... my swag juiceEminem:] 
 Yeah 
 It's my life 
 My own words I guess 
 Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for? 
 Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for? 
 When they know they're your heart 
 And you know you were their armour 
 And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her 
 But what happens when karma, turns right around and bites you? 
 And everything you stand for, turns on you to spite you? 
 What happens when you become the main source of her pain? 
 "Daddy look what I made", Dad's gotta go catch a plane 
 "Daddy where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy where is she?" 
 I don't know go play Hailie, baby, your Daddy's busy 
 Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't gonna write itself 
 I'll give you one underdog then you gotta swing by yourself 
 Then turn right around in that song and tell her you love her 
 And put hands on her mother, who's a spitting image of her 
 That's Slim Shady, yeah baby, Slim Shady's crazy 
 Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rocka-by-baby 
  
 [Hook x2:] 
 You look like you're in another world 
 But I can read your mind 
 How can you be so far away 
 Lying by my side 
  
 [Ludacris:] 
 Things ain't always what they seem or cracked up to be 
 Like all these fakin' ass rappers in this industry 
 Talkin' bout what they got, and they ain't got a damn thang 
 How you own three cars, but you don't own ya own name? 
 Get ya business right boys, the first class is in session 
 Get a entertainment lawyer in the music profession 
 Start up ya own company, trademark the name 
 That's gon' run ya bout a grand so start savin' ya change 
 Open a bank account quick, and then follow these steps 
 Sign yourself to yourself and start signin' ya own checks 
 Hit the booth and start recording at the speed of need 
 Whatever gets ya juices flowin' could be speed or weed 
 Get it mixed and mastered, pressed up and plastered 
 Sell it to ya whole hood out the trunk, ya bastard 
 Show all the non-believers what you destined to be 
 And in just a couple years you could be rich like me 
 But I can't hold my tongue 
  
 [Hook x2:] 
 You look like you're in another world 
 But I can read your mind 
 How can you be so far away 
 Lying by my side 
  
 [Lil Wayne:] 
 Money to be made best believe a nigga clockin 
 I run it myself like a quarterback option 
 I pitch a 10 g's tell a bitch to go shopping 
 She buy herself some clothes, and she bought me back a chopper 
 See niggas tryna kick it, but no I don't play sucka 
 I'm all about my cake I'm tryna marry Betty Crocker 
 A package on the way you know my whip game proper 
 And enough for one key I see seventy thousand dollas 
 Now I was shootin dice, smokin on a joint 
 I bet with Yo Gotti, he hit five straight points 
 We ova here hustlin, we ova here grindin 
 You rap about money and nigga might sign ya 
 You rap about me and a nigga might find ya 
 Banana in ya ass with ya head right behind ya 
 DOPE GAME BITCH let his mamma worry bout him 
 You can holla at me for a fee 
  
 [Hook x4:] 
 You look like you're in another world 
 But I can read your mind 
 How can you be so far away 
 Lying by my side(intro) 
 Look.. 
 If you had one shot... 
  
 Or one opportunity 
 To seize everything you ever wanted 
 In one moment 
 Would you capture it 
 Or just let it slip? 
 Yo 
  
 His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy 
 There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti 
 He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready 
 To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgettin' 
 What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud 
 He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out 
 He's chokin', how, everybody's jokin' now 
 The clocks run out, times up, over, blaow! 
 Snap back to reality, oh there goes gravity 
 Oh, there goes Rabbit, he choked 
 He's so mad, but he won't give up that easy? No 
 He won't have it, he knows his whole back city's ropes 
 It don't matter, he's dope, he knows that, but he's broke 
 He's so stacked that he knows, when he goes back to his mobile home, that's when its 
 Back to the lab again yo, this whole rhapsody 
 He better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime you better 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime you better 
 The souls escaping, through this hole that its gaping 
 This world is mine for the taking 
 Make me king, as we move toward a, new world order 
 A normal life is borin', but super stardom's close to post mortar 
 It only grows harder, only grows hotter 
 He blows us all over these hoes is all on him 
 Coast to coast shows, he's known as the globetrotter 
 Lonely roads, God only knows, he's grown farther from home, he's no father 
 He goes home and barely knows his own daughter 
 But hold your nose 'cause here goes the cold water 
 His hoes don't want him no mo, he's cold product 
 They moved on to the next schmo who flows, he nose dove and sold nada 
 So the soap opera is told and unfolds, I suppose it's old partna, but the beat goes on 
 Da da dumb da dumb da da 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime you better 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime you better 
 No more games, I'm a change what you call rage 
 Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged 
 I was playin' in the beginnin', the mood all changed 
 I been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage 
 But I kept rhymin' and stepwritin' the next cipher 
 Best believe somebody's payin' the pied piper 
 All the pain inside amplified by the 
 Fact that I can't get by with my nine to 
 Five and I can't provide the right type of 
 Life for my family 'cause man, these God damn food stamps don't buy diapers 
 And its no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer 
 This is my life and these times are so hard 
 And it's getting even harder tryin' to feed and water my seed, plus 
 See dishonor caught up between bein' a father and a prima-donna 
 Baby mama drama screamin' on and too much 
 For me to want to say in one spot, another jam or not 
 Has gotten me to the point, I'm like a snail I've got 
 To formulate a plot fore I end up in jail or shot 
 Success is my only motherfuckin' option, failures not 
 Mom, I love you, but this trail has got to go, I cannot grow old in Salem's lot 
 So here I go is my shot 
 Feet fail me not 'cause maybe the only opportunity that I got 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime you better 
 You better lose yourself in the music, the moment 
 You own it, you better never let it go 
 You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow 
 This opportunity comes once in a lifetime you better 
 You can do anything you set your mind to, manI'm not afraid, I'm not afraid (yeah) 
 To take a stand, it's been a ride 
 Everybody, I guess I had to 
 Go to that place 
 To get to this one 
 Now some of you 
 Might still be in that place 
 If you're tryin' to get out 
 Just follow me 
 I'll get you there 
 You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em 
 But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em 
 'Cause ain't no way I'm a let you stop me from causin' mayhem 
 When I say I'm a do somethin' I do it 
 I don't give a damn what you think 
 I'm doin' this for me, so fuck the world, feed it beans 
 It's gassed up, if it thinks it's stoppin' me 
 I'mma be what I set out to be, without a doubt undoubtedly 
 And all those who look down on me, I'm tearin' down your balcony 
 No if, ands or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he 
 From "Infinite" down to the last "Relapse" album he's still shittin' 
 Whether he's on salary, paid hourly, until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him 
 Whichever comes first, for better or worse 
 He's married to the game, like a fuck you for Christmas 
 His gift is a curse, forget the Earth, he's got the urge to pull his dick from the dirt 
 And fuck the whole universe 
 I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid) 
 To take a stand (to take a stand) 
 Everybody (everybody) 
 Come take my hand come (come take my hand) 
 We'll walk this road together, through the storm 
 Whatever weather, cold or warm 
 Just letting you know that, you're not alone 
 Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road 
 Okay quit playin' with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap 
 I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in the rhythm for you to know it's a rap 
 You said you was king 
 You lied through your teeth, for that fuck your feelings 
 Instead of gettin' crowned you're gettin' capped, and to the fans 
 I'll never let you down again, I'm back 
 I promise to never go back on that promise 
 In fact, let's be honest, that last "Relapse" CD was eh 
 Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground 
 Relax, I ain't goin' back to that now 
 All I'm tryin' to say is get back, click-clack, blow 'cause I ain't playin' around 
 It's a game called circle and I don't know how 
 I'm way too up to back down 
 But I think I'm still tryin' to figure this crap out 
 Thought I had it mapped out but I guess I didn't, this fuckin' black cloud 
 Still follows me around but it's time to exercise these demons 
 These muh'fuckers are doin' jumpin' jacks now 
 I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid) 
 To take a stand (to take a stand) 
 Everybody (everybody) 
 Come take my hand come (come take my hand) 
 We'll walk this road together, through the storm 
 Whatever weather, cold or warm 
 Just letting you know that, you're not alone 
 Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road 
 And I just can't keep living this way 
 So starting today 
 I'm breaking out of this cage 
 I'm standing up, I'mma face my demons 
 I'm manning up, I'mma hold my ground 
 I've had enough, now I'm so fed up 
 Time to put my life back together right now (now) 
 It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me 
 Admittedly, I probably did it subliminally 
 For you, so I could come back a brand new me, you helped see me through 
 And don't realize what you did, believe me you 
 I been through the ringer, but they could do little to the middle finger 
 I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of 
 My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers and drop dead 
 No more bee flingers, no more drama from now on 
 I promise to focus solely on handlin' my responsibilities as a father 
 So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof, like my daughters and raise it 
 You couldn't lift a single shingle on it, 'cause the way I feel 
 I'm strong enough to go to the club or the corner pub 
 And lift the whole liquor counter up 'cause I'm raising the bar 
 I'd shoot for the moon but I'm too busy gazin' at stars, I feel amazing and I'm not 
 I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid) 
 To take a stand (to take a stand) 
 Everybody (Everybody) 
 Come take my hand come (Come take my hand) 
 We'll walk this road together, through the storm 
 Whatever weather, cold or warm 
 Just letting you know that, you're not alone 
 Holla if you feel like you've been down the same roadThese ideas are nightmares to white parents 
 Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings 
 Like whatever they say has no bearing, it's so scary in a house that allows 
 No swearing 
 To see him walking around with his headphones blaring 
 Alone in his own zone, cold and he don’t care 
 He's a problem child 
 And what bothers him all comes out, when he talks about 
 His fuckin' dad walkin’ out 
 'Cause he just hates him so bad that he blocks him out 
 If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out 
 His thoughts are whacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back 
 Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap 
 He sags his pants, do-rags and a stocking cap 
 His step-father hit him, so he socked him back, and broke his nose 
 His house is a broken home, there's no control, he just let’s his emotions 
 Go 
 Sing with me, (sing) sing for the years 
 Sing for the laughter, sing for the tears, (come on) 
 Sing it with me, just for today, maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you 
 Away 
 Entertainment is changin’, interwinin' with gangsta’s 
 In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum 
 Holy or unholy, only have one homie 
 Only this gun, lonely cause don't anyone know me 
 Yet everybody just feels like they can relate, I guess words are a 
 Motherfucker they can be great 
 Or they can degrade, or even worse they can teach hate 
 It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make 
 Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum 
 Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen 
 From standin’ on corners and porches just rappin' 
 To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass 
 But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you 
 Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you 
 To get they hands on every dime you have, they want you to lose your mind 
 Every time you mad 
 So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon 
 Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns 
 That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me, strictly just to get me off 
 Of these streets quickly 
 But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously, so I'm signin' CD's while 
 Police fingerprint me 
 They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me 
 If I'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense Pete 
 It's all political, if my music is literal, and I'm a criminal how the fuck 
 Can I raise a little girl 
 I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to, you're full of shit, too, Guerrera 
 That was a fist that hit you 
 Sing with me, (sing) sing for the years 
 Sing for the laughter, sing for the tears, (come on) 
 Sing it with me, just for today, maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you 
 Away 
 They say music can alter moods and talk to you 
 Well can it load a gun up for you, and cock it, too 
 Well if it can, then the next time you assault a dude 
 Just tell the judge it was my fault and I'll get sued 
 See what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols 
 And they want to get one 'cause they think the shit's cool 
 Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves, we entertainers 
 Of course the shit's affectin' our sales, you ignoramus 
 But music is reflection of self, we just explain it, and then we get our 
 Checks in the mail 
 It's fucked up ain't it 
 How we can come from practically nothing to being able to have any fuckin' 
 Thing that we wanted 
 That's why we sing for these kids, who don't have a thing 
 Except for a dream, and a fuckin' rap magazine 
 Who post pin-up pictures on their walls all day long 
 Idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs 
 Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in their lives 
 'Til they sit and they cry at night wishin' they'd die 
 'Til they throw on a rap record and they sit, and they vibe 
 We're nothin' to you but we're the fuckin' shit in they eyes 
 That's why we seize the moment try to freeze it and own it, squeeze it and hold it 
 'Cause we consider these minutes golden 
 And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone 
 Just let our spirits live on, through our lyrics that you hear in our 
 Songs and we can 
 Sing with me, (sing) sing for the years 
 Sing for the laughter, sing for the tears, (come on) 
 Sing it with me, just for today, maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you 
 Away 
 Sing with me, (sing) sing for the years 
 Sing for the laughter, sing for the tears, (come on) 
 Sing it with me, just for today, maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you 
 Away